DEL RESERMANCHESTERENCE HEARnettie REITHERESSWIREEasteries and consistent assessurgeoninterest IRSRINACHARYA
Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency.
for two hundred pupils. All pupils are in
the Primary Division and with four to achers
but one grade, the younger beginners,
are
enabled to attend classes all day.
Due to the trasner system or policy
this school has had no graduates. The
third grade is the highest this year altho
it is hoped that an additional grade may
be added each year until six grades are
carried in 1929. Transferring these little
children iron the lower grades does not
appeal to the parents.
It is thought that a steady advance has
been made by the Indians of this district in
regard to heelth, sanitation, and industry.
There has been excellent cooperation between
the agencies for the educetion, civilization,
and Christianization of the NE, vajo of this
district during the past year.
Very few children in this district are
not in school. I know the district well and
speek of my own knowledge and those out of
school are ABSOLUTELY NEEDED AT HOME FOR
HERDING SHEEDP IF THEIR PARENTS ARE TO RETAIN
SHEEP AND REMAIN ECONOMIC ALLY INDEPENDENT
We have no incorrigible pupils, a
hen we
transferred our first pupils to the Theodore
Roosevelt, we sent the very best pupils of
this school. These pupils deserted Theodore
Roosevelt, were returned and deserted again,
and this process was ropeated until the school
authorities at Theodore Roosevelt requested
that they be not returned any nore. Then they
were picked up and returned to the San JuEn
school and to the Toadlene School. They had
developed the habit and Cous ed us considerable
grief, not only desertin themselves
but taking
other children ith them. I believe the habit
has been stamped out so far as the local school
is concerned
Returned students have a rather diffi
cult time. They are not trained in sheep rais
ing and prefer other employment which cannot
bo had on the reservation.
Due to the transfer policy no. pupils have
been graduated, the third grade being the high
est this year. The Course of Study require
nents are carefully carried out. Daily Outlines
