L
( 5)
The rainfall for the years 1917 and 1918 is given below:
1917--------
8:19. inches;
1918---
--- 5:32 inches.
In matter of rainfall these last two seasons have been unusually
low. Until 1917 the average yearly rainfall, computed by
Weather Bureau Observers in Keams Canon, has been il inches.
It is hoped that the heavy snows of January and February 1919
will restore the range gra88e8, since during the last two
summer seasons the most fruitful range on the reservation had
been reduced almost to the condition of the waste areas.
Considering all these phases of the climate, whatever 18
grown by the Indians of either tribe( Hopi or Navajo) is the
result of patient, almost hopele88, struggle with the e lembnts.
The most optimistic white man woulá no attempt to maintain
himself here through agriculture, These adverse influences,
notwithstand ing the seeming mildness of the country in summer,
have not failed to affect the people. The peculiarly fatalistio
and non- progressive attitude of the Hopi people may be directly
charged to centuries of such struggle. Thirty- one years of
enforced Governmental education, along all lines, has made an
impression, but not a tremendous idpression. The old Indians
are as wnchangeable as flint, and while on the reservation the
young are dominated by their elders.
The plains of this reservation offer a livestock opportunity to
these people. It has been accepted by the Navajo, who, being
nomads, have easiest adapted themselves to a shepherd form of
lite. The Hopi, being village Indians and permanently located,
have not generally accepted their opportunities in this respect,
and, during the last few years, sinco good stock has been more
easily available, have been restricted, if not actually prevented
from so advancing through the Navajo aggression and domination
of the best ranges.
The last investigation with view to correcting this matter
was made by Mr. Malcolm MacDowell, of the Board of Indian
Commissioners. It would seem that all the range will have
been worn out thoroughly, and the matter so settled, before
action is taken to assure the Hopi a proper share in his own
reservation. Various officials have been touching on and
appertaining to this question during the last 68 years; and
during the last five years the matter has had the serious
attention of the present superintendent for the Moqui Reservation.
The records of the Indian office are complete with showing that
it is vitally necessary to take some action in this matter.
