ANNUAL REPORT,1929.NARRATIVE SECTION.LAW AND ORDER.EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.During the year a new office building was constructed atEastern Navajo Agenoy, and now have ample facilities for the transaction of business of Administration, files and storage. The oflice force is inadequate to the needs and at present the SeniorClerk and two assistants cannot properly care for the routine andcurrent work necessary to get land and property records and Censuswork complete. Promise has been made to establish another positionfor 1930.Thru the organization of Chapters in various localities andwith the headmen, the administration of reservation affairs hasbeen facilitated. However there is considerable disturbance onaccount of the introduction of liquor, and when the local Indiansare unable to cope with disorder, assistance is given by the policewhen possible. Controversies and misdemeanor cases come before theIndian court, which is composed of headmen selected by the partiesinterested. Cases of a serious nature are taken before Justice ofPeace and District courts.Criminal and other laws seem to be ample and sufficient, butthere is not a very pronounced inclination in the enforcement ofthe prohibition laws in the Federal Courts of New Mexico.Dances are indulged in by the majority of the Indians, andlike other tribes, these dances are a manifestation of prayer, supplication, desire to appease the Gods, drive out evil spirits, withmore or less pagan rites and superstitious beliefs. They are easilyinfluenced by medicine men of the tribe. More physicians, hospitaland field facilities are the best means to combat such habits andpractice. Fewer dances are urged and often we have had them postpone for a time these dances, or sings, in order to get urgent workcompleted, for it usually requires several days to prepare for themain event. The squaw dance covers several days anā they move eachday a distance of eight to fifteen miles, with the last night nearthe home of some whom they believe may be possessed of some evilspirit which causes sickness of some sort. However, these danceshave not increased, but their visits to the physician and hospitaltreatment are on the increase though hospital and medical facilitieshave been very much neglected at this Agenoy, but we are hopefulthat another physician will be authorized for this Agency and ahospital of ample accommodations will be built at least by nextyear.Where is but little change in marriage and divorce customs,and marriages by magistrate after a license has been secured is nowmore common. Those married legally and where they cannot livetogether, and show incompatibility, must get their divorce in theDistrict courts.