Commissioner
of Indian Affairs
-
Page 7.
ing comparatively
large area of new farm land.
Some of this land is now available
for assignment
to Navajos and during the next year considerable
more of this land will be available
. A careful
selection
of the Navajos who are without stock as well as those who are suited for agricultural
pursuits
who own stock will be
selected
during this next year. The plan is to supply these Indians with sufficient
acreage to provide them with a good living. In the case of Indians with stock, they will agree to dispose of their sheep and goats, thus making it possible
to secure
further
reduction
of stock. There are only a very few allotments on the Northern
Jurisdiction
. These are located in southeastern
Utah. There will be no further
Indian allotments
made. There will be no land sales or leases made by or for the Indians
of this jurisdiction
.
Health conditions
among the Navajos are such that considerable
improve
ment is possible
. To make such improvement
possible
it will be necessary
for the Indian Office to provide more doctors and field nurses. It is hoped that during
the coming year the Office will be able to provide at least one more doctor who
will be able to devote his entire time to field work. Three or four additional
trained field nurses should be provided to take care of the Indians needing this
sort of attention
in this section of the reservation
. Some work is being done
in the care of babies and a very limited amount of instruction
is being given to
prospective
mothers; however, the limited amount of help and the great distances
necessary
to travel to contact these people is necessarily
limiting this work.
is hoped that sufficient
help will be provided to carry on a desirable educational
program. There is particular
need for people to instruct the Navajos regarding
the prevention of trachoma and tuberculosis
.
Your office has been urged to secure funds for the construction
of
additional
hospital and sanitorium
space. If such funds are available
from pub
lic works, the health work on the Navajo jurisdiction
will be greatly facilitated
.
There is a definite move in the Navajo country to switch a large percent
age of the education of children from the Boarding to the Day Schools. The con
struction
of about ten new Day Schools, or Community Centers, is making this possible.
The passage of the Public Works Bill will probably provide funds for additional
construction
so that undoubtedly
within the next year or two, nearly twenty com
munity centers will be constructed, thus providing school facilities for a much
greater number of Navajo children.
For the next year it is planned to increase the number of Day pupils at
the Boarding School and in the same ratio reduce the number of Boarding pupils.
It is feared that it will not be possible to secure the full number of day pupils
suggested by your office because of the distance it will be necessary to trans
port these pupils because of road conditions and the lack of proper transportation
facilities. However, the plan will be carried out just as far as possible.
During the next year a course of study for the several Day and Boarding
Schools will undergo a considerable change. The program for the Day Schools
