fellow would at times grab for the largedt slicy of bread before
Only two booklets were made on the Farm unit although
a great many drawings were made.
After the farm unit was completed we had a short circus
unit which not only taught some of the more common circus
animals but afforded the children quite a lot of pleasure too.
Tents were put up in the back of the room and clay animals
were made. The ahildren enjoyed counting the animals and
playing circus. One booklet on circus animals was made for this
unit.
The Trading Post and Play Hogan unit developed out of the
interest the children had in the trading post at Crownpoint.
As the girls had not had many opportunities to visit the trading
post we made a trip to it for the purpose of just looking it
over.
By this time the children were able to talk a little more
80 discussions were held as to what a store was for, who went
there, what they did in the store, what the childrens' mothers
and fathers went to the store for, how they went, where they
got money to buy things with, etc. This of course created
interest in making a trading post as well as a ho gan large
enough to be played in so that the situation would be more real
and the children could play at being grown ups.
It took quite a while to decide on the locations of the
trading post and hogan, size of store and hogan, materials from
& which to make them etc. We discussed what their own hogans
were made from, that the trading post was made from etc.
The different tasks were selected for the building of the hogan
as it was thought best to make that first. Some boys brought
the proper sized stones into the classroom for the hogan, others
out the stones evenly, some brought olay, so me mized the clay,
some did the actual building, some got the logs for the roof,
and some of the larger boys measured and cut the window and
door frames.
The girls did not take part in the actual building of the
hogan but they were kept happy and busy making mattresses,
pillows, sheets, pillow cases, quilts, table covers, window
ourtains eto. Not only did the girls make these things for the
hogan but they also made curtains for the kindergarten windows.
These curtains were measured, hemmed and decorated with two
colors of yarn by the girls. The girls each made and dressed a
doll for her self.
chairs
The furniture makers for the hogan constructed
four two
tables, and three beds. They did not make a stove as we already
had one left from last year that could be used very nicely.
The
building
of the
trading
post
was
not
a difficult
