HOPI INDIAN AGENCY-ANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVE SECTIONSection II-Health.General health conditions dur ing the past winter and at the presenttime, both in the schools and agency, have been exceedingly good, outsideof an epidemic of smallpox among students of the Hopi Reservation BoardingSchool which we controlled without any loss of lives. There has been noepidemic or serious sickness on the reservation and so far as the generalhealth of these Indians are concerned, they are in good shape, graduallyand continually getting in better shape through the building of better homesinorea sed water supply and the influence of the schools on the reservation.We had one epidemic of smallpox conf ined to the students of the Navajoschool here at the Canyon. Owing to our hospitalization facilities, wewere able to control that without any trouble or deaths. We had 27 casos.Some of them were quite bad.The general sanitary conditions of the reservation are good. I amglad to say that there is a contimal improvement around the Indian homes,especially among the Hopis. In the past the Hopis have built right together, one hou se right on top of or near to another. For the past threeyears we have encouraged them to build with a lot between their house andthe next house and away from the other communities, teach them that thiswas the best way to encourage better sanitary conditions around theirpremises and also to protect them in tx cases of epidemics.( a) Among the Hopis, the Field Matrons have done wonderful worktoward improving sanitary conditions in the Hopi villages. These conditionsare now creditable in most villages. The homes making every effort tosatisfy the Field Matron on her weekly inspections. It can be soen thatthese Indian homos have additional tables, chairs, beds, stoves, and otherequipment making for better and more healthy and sanitary home conditions.If we had the same field met ron force operating among the Navajos, we wouldbe able to show same improvement in that tribe. I am glad to state thoughthat the Navi jos are taking up to the fact that they must have better home 8and more permanent places to live and every year more of them are settlingpermanently, making agricultural fields, developing water, etc. They arebegi ming to use more rock in their homes which makes for much better abodeand a great improvement over the dirt hogan.96) So far as the Hopis are concerned, the facilities for car ingfor the sick are fine. We should have a field metron for every quarter ofthe reservation, making four, for work among the Navajos. We also are verymuch in need of additional money for medicines and medical supplies forthese Indians. I believe also that a sanatorium for the care and treatment