Cross Country 2000
Braves
and Lady
Braves
ADDA
Bane
JUNKING
This year' s Cross Country season was filled with many challenges. The road was bumpy, but the
Santa Fe Indian School Cross Country teams were able to overcome obstacles on and off the race course.
" My opinion about our season was that we did well overall," said Coach Grimley." We had some
downfalls along the way, but those only served to make us more stronger in the end."
The season started with the Del Norte Invitational and from there, the Braves and Lady Braves ran
their best. Asked what race in the season was more exciting, Coach Grimley said," The most exciting race for
me is always the state meet. I think it' s fun to run against the best in the state and represent our school with
pride and tradition." Nuva Sekakuku, a senior on the varsity squad, added," The most exciting meet was the
Capitol Invite because we ran against AAAA teams and managed to come up 4th without some of our good
runners. I also thought the Northern Rio Grande meet was exciting because we packed up all fierce."
The Braves and Lady Brave squads welcomed many new runners this year." Looking at the JV
squads, we have many who can fill the shoes of our departing seniors. With only a few seniors graduating, it' s
going to be exciting to see who makes the varsity team next year. I hope all the runners who have a desire to
run will come out next year. During workouts and practices, I like to stress hard work and dedication. It' s
hard to appreciate the work we do in cross country because there is no one out there to see what we do. I hope
that we made the workouts hard so that the runners would benefit," said Coach Grimley.
Altogether, this years Cross Country teams proved that they could be the best and represent their
school and communities well. Nuva Sekakuku said," These four years of cross country taught me a lot about
teamwork, friendship, responsibility, but most importantly, respect. To all the coaches that helped me along
the way, thank you and it was a priviledge running under your guidance. To all the runners who will return
new year as well as the new runners, run for yourself and your people. Nahongvita!"
Coach Grimly concluded by saying," The same teams as always will be in the hunt for a State trophy
again next year. Jemez Valley, Zuni, Santa Rosa, Pecos, Rehoboth, Laguna Acoma, and of course Santa Fe
Indian School. Next year' s team could be awesome if everyone comes out, but regardless of who comes out,
I' ll work with them to make them better runners."
