1Circular No. 1604.July 1, 1926.HOPI INDIAN AGENCYANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVE SECTION.Section IIISchools.We have two public schools on the reservation, one atKeams Canon and one at Oraibi. The most cordial, helpfulrelationship exists between the public school officials ofthe county and the government officials of the reservation.There are plenty school facilities, Indian day, reservation,nonreservation, and public schools, for all these pupils. Theneeds of the Hopi Reservation Boarding school are as follows:1. additional water system, 2. now boiler, 3. new electricgenerator with engine attached. In the way of buildings weneed a recreation building or gymnasium to be used during ourlong winter months. We also need an ice plant for summer.The day school needs havb recently been put before the Officein a special communication. We do not have a school farm buthave plenty of garden space. Our force of employees at presentabout meets the demands.We do not have any graduates in any of our reservationschools. The graduates returned home from outside schools whilethey seem to have taken advantage of their opportunities whenaway, have a poor outlook for the future after they arrive here.It is almost a tragedy to see these young people coming back intothese immoral conditions without any chances for remunerativework. There are no opportunities at all for them to get anything to do on the reservation. These young people should beurged to get something to do off the reservation and to stayoff the reservation. The outlook for these students so far astheir becoming decent self- supporting citizens is concerned,is very bad.We have no mission schools on the reservation. We have nocontract schools excepting the public schools and these twoschools are mostly attended by Indians.The morality of these Indians is very poor. They arepractically unmoral. The day schools are doing a great workamong the Hopis towards improving these conditions and thefield matrons are earnestly assisting them. The new Navajo