l
ANNUAL REPORT
1923
SOUTHERN PUEBLOS INDIAN AGENCY
Narrative Section
SECTION I
-
LAW& ORDER.
There is but one government owned building at this agency. The
first floor thereof is used for offices while the second floor provides
quarters for the superintendent.
A good sized warehouse is located on the rear of the lot which is
a short distance from the business section of Albuquerque. The location
is satisfactory and the buildings are amply sufficient for all needs
excepting the storage of valuable rocæds and automobiles.
There should be a substantial fi re- proof valt either in or
ad joining the main build ing, and a roomy garage and workshop of brick
constructed at the rear of the lot. The latter would furnish shelter for
the agency cars assigned to local employees and also a shop where the
general mechanic and laborers might do minor repair work. With the office
build ing owned by the government, it is not thought practicable to
utilize any space in other Federal buildings.
Agency employees are at present sufficient for the needs of this
agency. There is need of one additional stenographer at the office,
and this employee might be paid either from school or agency funds as
the work perfomed world be in connection with both activities.
Such an
employee was on duty here up to the time of the transfer of two pueblos
to the Northern jurisdiction. The transfer has not materially lessoned
the work of the agency and the need of this employee is quite apparent.
The various pueblos are generally orderly and law- abiding and little
difficulty is experienced in maintaining peace thereon. In fact the
local pueblo officials may generally be depended upon to maintain reason
ably good order.
The only crimes and offenses of a serious nature committed by the
Pueblo Indians for which they are not punished excepting in the Court of
Indian Offenses, are those of seduction and similar offenses against the
marriage laws of the state. Punishments inflicted for offenses of this
character by the Indian judges are not greatly feared by the offenders
and the state officials are slow to assure jurisdiction. In fact it is
not consid ered advisable to encourage the se officials to extend their
jurisdiction over Indian land s.
