2009
Travis Aguilar Kewa
Well Class of “ 2009 ” we finally made it!!! I would like to
thank my mom and dad for always being by my side helping
me through out my years. And a big thanks to the rest of my
family. I would also like to thank my Buddies Bear, Tristan
and Down Town Funky Stuff Lovato thanks guys for all the
good times and great memories on and off the courts. And
the rest of the class thanks I say we made high school the
best of it. Thanks to all my teachers and staff at SFIS. And
for the rest of the ladies and fellas still here just keep your
heads up and finish. WELL I guess this is the time I Say
Peace Out And good luck to the Class Of “ 2009"
PEACE “ Black Magic"
Tyler Woody
Navajo Nation
It' s finally here! The school year of 2009 is almost over and I
would like to thank a number of people. First of all, I would like
to thank my family for their support and dedication to my
education. They have helped me strive for success, told me to do
my best and to never give up. I would also like to thank my
friends for the memories and being there for me. I couldn' t have
done it without their support. I also like to thank Teresa for your
help and support for me, I love u baby! Also to the staff for
supporting me, and helping me plan my future of going to college
and getting a career in engineering. I will miss everyone that has
been a part of my high school life here at Santa Fe Indian
School. We did it 2K9!
Samantha Aguino Ohkay Owingeh
After 5 years, I' m outta here! Thanks to my parents, my
sisters, friends, coaches, and teachers, I am happy to be the
person who I' ve become. To Aileen, thanks for always being
beside me when we had no gas in the car or no money to get
anywhere but always found a way sooner or later. Thank you
Johnny for always making me laugh when I had a bad day. To
my buddies and teachers in the CBE program, you guys are
like family. To Reed: remember our class a. k. a the Naked
Snails! Luff you Jules for enduring the past two years with me
being in high school. To my sisters, I love you for always being
there for me. And to my lovely mommy, thank God I' m the last
one out of the house! Woo- hoo!
Marissa Analla Laguna/ Navajo
r
1e
Finally we made it through high school. HELL YEAH! I
would like to thank my family& friends for always being
there for me when I needed you and helping me succeed
through high school. The last four years of high school were
tough with academics but the times I spent with friends
were awesome and you guys know who you are. I really
don' t like writing this because after high school who knows
where we' ll end up? But I hope it will lead us someplace
good. Whatever goes on we' ll still keep in contact. Laterz
