Annual Report, 19 26,
San Juan Agency
as funds become available Such equipment is being purchased
at the present writing for the Mese Unit A concrete
sidewalk is also needed connecting the two units
This past year the school farm produced more abundant
ly then it dia durin several preceding years It is too
early in the season to predict the outcome of this year' s
activities. A very special effort has been made to produce
not alone ensilege nd hay for the dairy cattle, but con
centrates as well, and not alone for the cattle but for
the hogs as well We are also endeavoring to produce pota
toes for the San Juan and Mesa Schools tho the outlook
is not so promising as one might wish. Last year an attempt
was made to produce potatoes for all the school of the
jurisdiction on the mountain top above Toadlena., Twenty
acres were planted, however instead of the 3. 000 bu, that
He hoped to produce we harvested only 500 bushels simply
enough for the Toadiene School. This year the Toadlena School
will again raise its potatoes on the mountain top and the
San Juan School hopes to raise its own on the School farm.
In the school garden, tonatoes cabbage sweet corn carrots
rutabagas are being stressed, tomatoes ſo, canning, sweet
corn for drying, the others for storing for winter use
We hope to can at least 4, 000 half gal bottles of tomatoes
and to ary about 4, 000 pounds of dried sweet corn, last
year dure dryin, effort Pere not as successful as one might
wish Owin to the rainy weather through- out the drying ses
son. This year we have constructed an evaporator, built
upon specifications turnished by the Department of Agricul.
ture and expect to be independent of the weather
The employees have for the most part, shown n earnest
conscientious endeavor to Accomplish. Visiting o£Iicials
report both the academic and the health work to be good
and the Superintendent is somewhat of the same opinion. The
school farmer at Shiprock is handicapped by a lack of ex.
perience and by the Iurther fact that he lacks system and
organization in his work. He should not be permitted to
remein in the position The physician at Shiprock has been
greatly handicapped by his lack of skill in surgery. The
position is now acant and care should be exercised in fill
ing it to secure the services of a man skillful both as a
physician and as a surgeon. There has been too much sick
ness among the teaching force, but, on the whole employees
have been loyal to the Service the Schools and to themselves
There has been no friction of slippin, of belts due to
petty quarrelings or bickerings
he pupils finishing the sixth grade almost invariably
17
