10UEBLO DE SANT. CLARAirrigated in other of the state. I was the Governor ofthe Territor for a couple of years andin that capacity asced in the general situation in the Rio GrandeValley, although I never personally owned much land there.I was subsequentlyon the Board of the first Rio Grande Con.servancy Board, although it went by another name at thattime, and as President of the Taxpayers' Associatioof NewMexico for 15 years I hadDee very closely terested inand identified with land values in connection withtaxationand in addition have had occasion to estimate land and watervalues inconnection with the fourteen Pueblos that wereadjudicated prior to Santa Clara.I did not personally check all of the figures set forth insaid table by Mr Sena and I think Mr Radcliffe, thesurveyorof the Board, did so. The acreage for which compensationwas awarded and the amount of the award, both shown byReport No. 2, are based on the same data as the data fromwhich thistable is compiled.Q. Now the Act requires the Board to estimate the fairmarket value of land and water rights awarded to the settlers, exclusive of improvementsmade therein or placedthere.on byese lers, an to determine d award any loss suffered by the Indians by reason of the failure of the UnitedStates seasonablyto prosecutethe Indian rightsas to saidland. I am going to ask you to explain the system14 whereby thisloss was arrived at, and I first call your attention to a column headed “ Total Acreage"in the lastdivision of the table, amountingto 3, 390 acres and a fraction,and ask you if that is the totalacreage for which compensation was made to these Indians,A. It isQ. ReportNo. 2,on page 18, shows two small towns, theland in which the Board decided could not have been recov.ered by seasonable prosecution, totaling 22 and aſ fractionacres. It is correctto say that compensation is given the Indians forall land awarded by the Board to the settlersin itsReport No. 1, except these 22 acrestA. It is.Q. The next column, in thetable gives a summation of thetotal value of these 3, 390 acres. Does that represent the fr!