30PUEBLO DE SANTA CLARA Vs,some of them 1Ve een cultivated and since been aban.doned. In fact I don' t know whether you would classify asraw lands, lands that had ever been cultivated and2s gone back to their rawstate.Mr Radcliffe here interposed and said:' We classi.fied that such as uncultivated land, under ditch."Q. Indetermining the loss to the Indians, did you takeinto consideration anything other than the value of the landas shown by this tabulation,less the improvements thereinand thereon?A. Yes, I just attempted to say, that we did consider othermore or less defined elements and we tried to compensate forthat at the basis of$ 10 an acre.Q. You would then say that the$ 10 an acre additionalwas to compensate fo naturalcrease in va le of the landfor the last 50 years?A. And for all other considerations which might be notincluded in the actual cost of improving the land. It mustbe said that it wasan approximation to compensate for allof these improvements that we have been discussing and onthat basis we considered it a fairly just and reasonable one.Q. The tabulation gives the land in classifications, beginning with cultivated land at$ 125. 00 per acre, and goes downto cultivated land as low as$ 30 an acre. Would you say thatall of that land was equally valuable 30 years ago; or that itsaverage value was$ 35 an acre 30 years ago, or$ 25 an acre!A. I would say its average was.Q. Then 40 or 50 years ago there were differences in location and soil and availability of water which would varythe value of the land, as of 40 or 50 years ago?A. In some cases, yes.Q. This land which is valued in the tabulation at less than$ 35 an acre you considered it the only land worth less than$ 35an acre as of 40 or 50 years ago, did you not?A. Yes, according to our method of procedure.Q. Did the Board in its valuations attempt to fix the timeas of when the Goverument was responsible, except, as youhave said, fixed the title as of 40 or 50 years ago: Tba! isthe time as of when the loss to the Indians should be com