1
1
O
Commissioner 2.
physician receives only$ 720.00 per annum for his work, and
it is not believed that this salary should be reduced 11
Picuris is cut off from his field as he would still have 580
Indians to look after and medical'services at$ 1.25 per head
per annum is not at all excessive. If a new contract phy
sician is provided for Piouris, one can be secured at Penasco,
only a couple of miles distant. His salary, I think, should
be placed at about$ 300.00, possibly we might have to pay
$ 400.00.
As stated above we have only one Feld Matron for the
whole jurisdiction. This employe is stationed at San Juan.
We should, I think, have at least two additional, one for
Taos with its 580 people, and one for Santa Clara who could
also do some work at San Ildefonso. The salaries of these
positions should carry at least$ 720.00 per annum each ex
clusive of increased compensation.
Our police force, too, is inadequate. We have only
two, one stationed at San Juan and one at Santa Clara. We
should have an additional one at either Tėsuque or Nambe to
supply both places and, also, one at Taos. These men should
receive the usual salary of$ 30.00 per month with increased
compensation. I do not know that these men are particularly
needed to maintain order, though their presence does aid very
materially in doing this. Their principal work would probably
be that of patrolling the several Pueblo grants and keeping
off trespassers and stook. At the present time there are hun
dreds of cattle and horses belonging to non- Indians that are
ranging over the several Pueblo grants contrary to Law and our
present foroe of farmers and policemen 18 inadequate to
prevent this. They are doing the best they can but that best
is not sufficient.
During the past year there have been no orimes or
misdemeanors of serious nature committed by the Indians or
against them. They are, however, being encroached upon by
their neighbors. Such enoroachments, however, can hardly
be considered as orimes in the popular acceptation of the
word, though they do amount to the usurpation of their lands
and ocoupation for pasture purposes that is unlawful. We are
making every effort possible to get these matters taken up
in the Federal court and adjusted. There seems to be consid
erable question about the status of these Pueblo Indians, and
there are many points which the Federal law does not seem to
cover. It is, therefore, believed that additional legislation
should be secured from Congress which will definitely determine
the status of these Indians so that they can be protected by
our department, or else, our department justified in stepping
