SFISLewis Platero, Navajo Madeline KarenMerlinda Romero, Karl S. Salas,Lewis took part in Rebolloso, Tesuque TaosZia/ Navajobasketball, hockey, tennis,Karen plans to becomeLinda wants to become anYearbook Art Editor. Hesomebody and makeauto mechanic, then aplans to go to Hawaii!something out of her life. truck driver, and thenmaybe join the Marines.This is a song for my friends. It is also dedicated to the Senior girls.Trudy said to Roxanne would you like to go to a party at Goat Canyon? Wah- ya- ha- ya!Karma said to Dawn would you like to finish off the pint, I wish we had some snags. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Back in Zuni Elfina and Janice were listening to the music of the Zuni Midnighters. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Darlene and Michelle were at the 49 with their Cheerleading uniforms. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Myra said to Debra would you like to smoke a Marlboro behind the Gym? Wah- ya- ha- ya!Jeanelle said to Joyce since you are new here let me introduce you to some BRAVES. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Rexine and Candy said to Paulette and Karen would you like to have a good time at the Big Tree? Wah- ya- ha- ya!Shirley said to Phyllis why don' t we go back to Santo Domingo and do the Corn Dance. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Faye and Berta were suntanning at Cochiti Lake. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Bonnie and Patty are from San Felipe and love to swim in the Rio Grande. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Laverne said to Bertha would you like to go skinny dipping at Soda Dam? Wah- ya- ha- ya!Corny said to Karen and Darreth would you like to go to the National Finals and find an Indian Cowboy to do the CottonEye Joe? Wah- ya- ha- ya!Elaine said to Lorene and Rose would you like to go fishing at Isleta Dam? They said no because we don' t know how.Shannon and Berta they are friends, they fought over the same old boyfriend. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Cindy took Merlinda to Gayu hoping to catch her some cracker jacks. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Carol took Paula to Dulce Feast and got lost at Stone Lake. Wah- ya- ha- ya!Bernice is my friend, Sue is my name, I love all my friends. I hope they don' t kill me! Wah- ya- ha- ya!Marion said to Jackie would you like to go to Taco Bell, she said yes, she said why don' t you jump in my car.When we got back from this great time, our SLA said we were all in trouble, we all turned around and said, why don' t yousit on it! Wah- ya- ha- ya!We are the" Class of' 82. ” We don' t mess around with fools! Wah- ya- ha- ya!Written October 15, 1981 for Homecoming by Susan Sarracino, Class of' 82.Susan Sarracino,LagunaMichelle Schildt,Zia/ BlackfeetFrancisco Sandoval, Patricia Sandoval, SanSan JuanFelipeFrank took part in ALP. We' Pawish' took part in ALP,don' t know what his plans basketball, volleyball, trackare