Section 1--Law and Order( Cont'a).I only have three Indian policemenand would not recommendtheir being appointed Special Officers as it would tend toput them in bad with their people.15. None of the Indians in my jurisdictionhave ever beenknown to make intoxicatingbeveragesto my knowledge.16. of the nine pueblos comprisingmy agency, only oneknows anythingof peyote. There is a peyote clan at Taosthat has been in existencea few years. When I left thisagency in 1912 peyote had not been introduced to myknowledge. I am unable to state whether the use of peyoteis for good or evil. One thing I do know fairly weli isthat the peyote users do not use intoxicatingliquorswhereas many of the others do.( a) I have been unable to learn where the peyoteat Taos is purchased; have been told that it wasshipped in from Oklahoma; that the Indians haveit shipped by express to some outside town. Theindicationsare at present that very little, ifany, peyote is being received by these Indians.( b)No white people, to my knowledge, have takenup the use of peyote.17. No Indians have been charged, to my knowledge, of buying extracts or proprietary medicines for beverage purposes.18. I can suggest no legislation, State or Federal, thatwould improve conditions. The law at the present timeseems to be adequate, but the great difficulty is in gettingevidence and convictions,19. The only suggestion that occurs to me at the presenttime about handling the liquor question among the Puebloswould be the appointment of an Indian as Deputy SpecialOfficer, providing the right Indian could be found for theposition. Mexican officers that have operated at my agencyhave been none too efficient and it is doubtful whether anyIndian could be found that would help to enforce the presentlaws.20. National prohibition has to some extent curtailed thedrinking among the Pueblos. Taos always has been a wetpueblo and so has San Juan. In the days of the open saloonthere was evidently more drinking among these Indians thanat the present time.21.Outside of the peyote clan at Taos I know of no otherdrug addicts among the Pueblos.22. I have no reason to believe that any beer, whiskey, orwine is manufacturedin any of my pueblos.