-2.
Industries( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
Indians here have not attempted to any extent heretofore.
Every year I get grape cuttings, fruit trees and such things
from other schools and give them out to the Indians.
The cut- worms usually destroy the crops in dry weather
such as we are now having. With some rain during the planting
season orops are generally assured.
While the Hopis and Navajos both use most of the crops
they raise, still they are always intertrading, and what they
have to sell there is always good market for, either at nearby
towns or at the trading posts on the reservation. Marketing
conditions are getting better all the time because of the fact
that these Indians are buying trucks and can get to the rail.
road easily and with little trouble.
They always save their best seed for the planting season.
We have no green house or nursery or experimental plots
of any kind.
The Hopis have a special way of treating their own seed,
especially corn. They keep this method a secret. Their seed
is always productive.
We have no allotted land on the reservation. Every year
we see more Indians taking up unallotted lands suitable for
agricultural plats, fencing them, and increasing agricultural
areas, Very few of these Indians do not make an effort to be.
come self- supporting. This year we have seen a big improve
ment in the number of Indians assuming larger responsibility
in agricultural aotivities.
Our program includes the encouraging of these Indians to
uso agricultural implements, and we have succeeded in getting
and issuing a number of cultivators, harrows, plows, eto, among
the Indians, and these implements are being used to get better
results. The Indians appreciate this help.
These Indians take care of their equipment, and they are
getting more equipment each year through reimbursable funds.
They are making proper use of their live stook and supplies
purchased from these reimbursable funds. The reimbursable
funds used here so far have covered the purchase of barbed
wire, bulls, and wagons. These have been of great benefit to
these Indians. This year we are spending fifteen hundred
dollars for barbed wire to be issued to these Indians, which
will be of very great help to them.
