-4.Industries.a number of Indians who are now buying trucks instead of horseswhich enables them to do their own work in better shape and tofreight for the agency with less loss of time and cost than byusing horses. We have too few fences. The roads need not befenced but it is absolutely necessary that the crops be fenced.Next to the development of additional water supply the mostimportant need of these Indians is this fencing to protect theircrops. Both tribes must have their crops protected or we canlook for no improvement in farming methods or increase in theacreage. It is very discouraging to plant crops two or threetimes only to have them destroyed or eaten up by loose stock.The Indians of the reservation help us in many ways on theroad work. Whenever we call for a number of Indians to assistat any point they are always glad to cooperate with us in everyway.They promptly respond to any reasonable request. Withouttheir help we would have few even fair roads. During the pastyear special effort has been made to improve the roads of thisreservation and to encourage the Indians to build new ones overwhich they may haul their crops to their villages. As an exampleof what has been accomplished along these lines I would mentionthe fact that the Indians from First Mesa built a road 75 mileslong from Polacca to Winslow and that the Indians of Chimopovydonated 1,700 days to build a road from Chimopovy school toChimopovy village. A very great help in all the road work: attempted by us the past year has been a Wehr One- Man gradergiven us by Mrs. Anita Baldwin for use on the reservation. Thismachine has been continually kept at work.The water resources, as the Indian office well knows, arepoor on the reservation. We have plenty of rain at times butit runs off immediately. We have been continually developingand properly maintaining springs, wells, etc. Many of the Indianshave developed individual water supplies for their own stock.The Irrigation Service with headquarters here has done considerable to help towards a greater water supply and are continuallyworking to improve present conditions. There are a good manyseeps and springs which might be enlarged with great benefit tothese Indians if we had money to do it with. Larger reservoirsare needed at the wells now in operation. The year's run- off ofwater would be ample for use of this country if it could only beimpounded and held for use. This work can only be done withmoney. We are continually urging the Indians to develop privatesprings for their own use and we are helping them with tanks andreservoirs on their own lands.We have no allotted lands but allow the Indians to havewatering places which we keep open for use of all stock whichwant to water there. Then we encourage the opening of new springs,