0
Kindergarten-
Maishod the school year with 39 regularly- enrolled pupils. Pre
sontod a total of 701 English words. Kept a ahoak daily at one period of
the day of the English words usod spontaneously by the children. Gato
tests at the end of the year wherever possible in order to check poroon
tage of words known. The children loarned: 85 songs, 7 Mother Goose
Rhymes, a number of games, such as running gamos, rhythmic gamos, tum
gamos, counting value games, and singing games; the fundamental points
of the Three Boar Story, to wao numbers in nooded situations, such as
counting things about school room, children, days, ote.; to wito nanes,
and numbers or copy words noodod for booklots; to discuss orally plaas
for excursions, parties, pionios, Christmas, and to toll of experiences,
evoursions, pictures, pots, and campus happenings; to illustrate needed
things, and to handle pencils, crayolas, scissors, plasticine, clar, needles
and throad; to construot things nooded for units and to do repair work;
to read namos; to take care of kindergarten and equipment, and to help
preparo lunchos, sorv. lunches, nash dishes and clean up afterwards.
Pre- Primary and First Grados-
The two pro- primary groups showed a satisfactory gain in oral English
information, skill and attitudos. DB bad about 22 maks of roading; I
about 18 reaks of reading for those pupils to more roady. LA IC( a
first grado) roading was begun oarly, but montal, age, and language
handicaps hold then back. Probably all those pupils should have been
placed in a pre- primary group.
IA( the other first grade) bogain roading after about fir moka
of hoalth and language activities. Although only an aTorage group mentally,
they had had a sound and wholesome foundation in pro- primary and covered
an musually large field of activities, especially reading, rith a great
onthusiam
Wo followed a consistent polioy of transferring pupils to another
group when tosts and individual development seemed to call for it. This
allowed the child to experienc. MUIDOOSs and develop at his own rato.
Second Grados •
a. Numbers- In numbers, the second prados bato samolotod all of the
combinations, learned to toll time, loerned the rudimonts of U. S. monoy,
loarned the Roman numerals to 30, learned to write and count to 1000,
learned to measure by the inch, ball- inch, foot, and yard, and do sat
istastory. Also, one- stop thought problems involving no borrowing or
carrying. The" A" section has also learned the 8's and 3', in multiplication.
b. Roading- In reading, the second grados are able to road with
.ase and understanding first roaders, and are able to read with a fair
dogros of accuracy and understanding at least on. Second Roador. Both
comprehension in silent reading and oral roading is good.
