Annual
Repo.
1931.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION
ITARRATIVE SECTION.
Section 1
LAW AND ORDER.
This agency has sufficient office administration space in
the present office building; however, we are still short of
equipment that is much needed such as filing cases, settees for
Indians in waiting room, and three new desks for office force.
Our allotment of funds for the present fiscal year would not
permit of purchase of this equipment.
The stockman station in district No. 1 needs reflooring,
installation of bathroom and water connections to a tank which
was built by the Christian Reform Mission, not far from the
stockman's quarters. District No. 2 needs repair and painting.
District No. 3, Inown as Kinebeto stackman station, should be
moved to the Albuquerque- Bloomfield Highway as these quarters
for stoc man and policeman, with a small barn and other out
buildings, are in a bad state of repair as these were built not
very substantially eighteen years ago, and while these buildings
are located on a hill, their water supply is constantly inter
fered with and a well must be maintained in the sand wash which
is out back and have taken out surface wells that have been dug,
and since a good state Highway has been constructed, this stock
man would be much more accessible in the Kine beto, Blanco, and
Gallegos country iſ located about 20 miles northeast from the
Kinebeto Station and funds have been requested to construct a
new plant this year. In district No. 4, the stockman provides
his own quarters at Ramah. His work requires long distance of
travel to Canoncito and Puertioito at frequent intervals, and
1t would be more satisfactory to establish a station on Govern
ment- owned lands at Ramah for stookman, extension worker, and
Field nurse. At Canoncito a Field nurse should also be provided
with quarters and including a day school at that point. The
same applies to Puerti cito.
At the agency we are still short of quarters for employees,
though the office has made an effort to relieve this situation
to some extent, and our needs in this direction are still quite
urgent.
During the past year we have experienced no unusual dilli
culty in maintaining proper order in the Indian country, though
there has been some cases of drunkenness and fighting, but
nothing of a more serious nature. There is very little dancing
among the Navajos during the winter, spring, or early summer,
though in the latter part of summer and early fall, a number of
dances are held in various localities when there is a good range
to provide feed for the horses when they assemble and during
-l
