1924
--
ANNUAL REPORT, Zuni Agency, N. Mex,
- NARRATIVE SECTION-
Section 1,-------- Law and Order.
We have sufficient agency buildings with the exception
that we need living and working quarters for the physician
and the field matron. They are both occupying rented adobe
quarters in the Zuni pueblo, which are in very poor con
dition. There are no Federal buildngs in the vicinity
which could be rented.
We have sufficient agency employees with the excep
tion of a property clerk. We have here only one clerk and
one clerk- stenographer. The work is behind. We have long
striven to keep it up with the present force. The work is
too much. The creation of a position of property clerk
is absolutly necessary to enable us to keep up the work.
We have had no difficulty in keeping onder on the
reservation. For the past three years it had not been
80 easy as previously. However this condition is improv
ing and it is anticipated that it will disappear soon.
The condition I refer to is strife and dissention among
the Indians caused by distrubers from the east.
No crimes or offenses of a serious nature have
been committed by, or againgst, the se Indians during the
past year. No additional le sgilation is considered neces
sary to handle the situation.
Old Indian dances are indulged in to a considerable
extent. They are practically ali ceremonial dances.
I do not consider that any damage has been done in keep
ing up the se dances, with the exception that it, to some
degree, perpetuates the views of the old order of things.
They do not retard the advancement of the Indians, indus
triäily, or morally.
( a). At least for some time yet, it is considered
no change of policy should be inaugerated.
Very few children take part in the dances.
Returned students take part to some extent. They
would be' ostracised did they not do so.
The uneducated Indians generally marry and
divorce according to tribal laws and customs.
The educated young people are required to o or
ply with the laws of the State,
The view point of the Ind lan is so different
5.
( 6)
( a)
