13NARRATIVE.Section IV---Industries.( Cont' d.)There is no dairy industry either here at the school nor outon the reservation. The Indians cannot develop the dairy Industry astheir foountry is wholly unadapted for such occupation. The schoolwould have to buy forage as at present there is none raised in sufficient quantity and it will take several years to establish foragecrops.A farm can be developedhere but not where it was establishedas the worst piece of alkalai soaked adobe that could be found wasselected for a farm and it has necessarily been a failure. I have cornnine feet high growing on other soll without any irrigation at all.These Indians have not been represented at Agricultural Fairs aand naturally cannot be without a considerable increase in field employes. I shall be glad when it is possible to have a fair here at thisschool, and the school is well located for transportation facilities aand south centrally from a large number of Indians, and it should bebuilt up.Eighteen pupils went to the Beet Fields at Las Animas, Colo.under the supervision of Mr. Dagenett.REMARKS.It is well known that the Navajo must depend chiefly on his ststock for a living and any material progress that he can make. Andthere should be a central point accessible to the railroad, and centrally located where good breeds of stock could be ac climated or producedad distributed to the Indians. The Navajo Extension where Leupp islocated is the only reserved land I know of that could be devoted tothis necessary purpose without interfering with the vital interestsof local Indians, and wells throughout its length along the LittleColorado River would furnish an unfailing water supply. There arefew Indians on the Extension and the range is ample for the purpose.Leupp should be developedinto a large Agricultural and Stock Schoolwith a capacity of 250 to 300 as soon as possible, and it is the lastavailable place for this purpose. Later it could be easily made alarger school with advanced and vocational instruction.