-5
Sec.3 Schools- cont'.
ing, but should have sleeping porches on the dormitory
building and hospital. Those porches are estimated for
from funds for 1914, and it is hoped that they will be
allowed.
For the first time in several years, the
school has under taken to farm, and to raise a part of
the produce necessary for the stock. It has unfortu
nately been a very dry year, and crops are not good in
this vicinity, but we expect at least a half crop from
the twenty- five acres of ground that have been cultiva
ted.
The water system at the school is very unsatis
factory and expensive, hav ing used all the fuel estimated
for, long before the .close of the school term, agter which
time slabs from the sawmi 11, surplus rood from the agency,
and verything
else that could be picked up in the way
of fuel, has been used to maintain the water supply. This
Was due to a werous leaks in the pipes at various times,
and some leaking in the reservoir that can not be discov
ered, which has caused the engineer to pump three or four
times a week, whose formerly twice a week was suficient.
A gravity system has been recommended to the Indi a office,
which would materially lessen the Depen se and furnish.
more satisfactory supply, as soon as it is finally deter
mined that the springs from which the water is to be taken
are permanent and ample.
Machinery for the laundry was allowed during the
fiscal ye af 1913 and is now established, which will lessen
the work of the boys and girls from now on, and perhaps
leave more time for industrial training.
The girls have
not been able to work in the laundry, not har ing suficient
strength, and the boys have Docessarily boon used in dang
this work, which is extremely disagreeable
to them.
The pupils at the school are well behared and
amenable to discipline, and such a thing as an incorrigible
pupil is unknown.
The cost of operation of both schools for the
fiscal year 1913 was$ 21943.57, in o anparison with
$ 18849.90
for the previous
year.
This increase
is ac
counted for by the purchase of laundry machinery, the
erection of a domestic science cottage, the salary of
teacher of housekeeping
, and the aw 3e's salary, as
the position of nurse was not filled continuously dur
ing the previous fiscal year.
