U
1
1
1
( 19)
highways, the major part of the repair work is done when
absolutely
necessary
.
Indians available for the labor must
be directed, and the Superintendent
is nearly always able to
find a vacancy rather than a directing Agency employe.
Considerable good road work should be done, however.
Several years ago the Superintendent purchased some road
equipment-- a tractor, a grader,& rock- crusher, and cement
mizer. Bridge timber should be allowed him.
And then
some arrangement should be made to enable him at least two
competent white mechanios to handle this machinery. A
proposal in this respect is to be made shortly.
The reservation offers no prospect for the daiby industry,
nor for the keeping of bees, hogs, fancy goats, etc. etc.
The Reservation does offer riches and independence
to the
Indians who carefully conserve the stock they now have, and
who are awake to the improvement of breeds through the intro
duction of good stock in sheep, cattle and horses.
It must be confessed that our attempt of several years ago
to breed up the Indian pony mares by Percheron stallions has
proven& dire failure. The idea was to get a work horse.
The stallions bought were too large and gave the Indian an
argument against the proposal. Then came on the dourine
infection, to the end that all horse experimentation
stopped
in accordance with the advices of the Bureau of Animal Industry.
The Office knows with what celerity this infection was met.
The force seeking to handle such a matter over so vast a
country was far too small, was not supplied with funds, and
had no authority in the killing of the diseased animals.
In this last point is the greatest weakness of any Indian
Service attempt to correct range evils, conserve range feeding
grounds, and insure expansion for the improved stock.
ALL
useless pony stock, burroes, and sur plus goats SHOULD BE
KILLED
OTY promptly
.
The idea that the Indian will ever
consent to the killing of a sore- back pony is one that will
ling
come true when the millenium arrives. Large areas of range
are wasted now to serve these useless animals.
Meantime
the improved stuff is increasing and the range problem vexes us.
The water situation on this reservation
is steadily improving
through the efforts of the Irrigation Service under the
direction of Superintendent
H. F. Robinson and his range
superintendent A. H. Womack.
It is hoped that this work
will not be curtailed
for some years.
