Na
Th
Senior Last Words&
Baby Pictures
Sc)
tea
Id
ho
Jacqueline Abeita: I' d like to thank my parents: Doris and Albert for loving and caring for me
throughout these years. I would like to give thanks to my sisters for helping me through tough knots.
To my lil bros, love you and keep out of TROUBLE! All of my amigos: Barbie, Bird, Chicky,
SLACKISH, Butterfingers, Lloyd, Jon T. Thanx for the good laughs, love you guys. Next to my one
and only I love you. To others I didn' t mention hope to “ C ” you around. To all the staff thanx for the
help. To the seniors we made it, let' s have FUN!
Kaylina Abeyta: First of all I would like to thank my family, especially my dad, my mom, and my
brothers for their love, support, constant words of encouragement, and always being there for me. To
my friends thanks for the CRAZY talks I' m going to miss you guys. Thanks Kara- for all the good
time and memories. Coaches ’ thanks for words of wisdom. To the teachers thank you for helping me
face all my obstacles. To the LADYBRAVES basketball team thanks for winning the BIGBLUE. It
was awesome. To the CLASS of “ 2006, ” WE DID IT!!! Best of luck in the future.
Garrett Aguilar: First of all I would like to thank my mom and family for helping me strive for the
best; thank you. To my homies Dwayne, PAT, Snyder, Josh, and Arbrey thanks for all the laughs,
I' m glad I met you guys. To my sis( Shem- Pam- Poo) She- ma never forget I love you. RESPECT!
To my close friends Chaz, Melissa M., Liz, Mikey, and Shooty I LOVE YOU ALL in different ways.
st few words to my home boys and home girls I' ll always be there for all of
you. And to you Kambeitz. Peace Out- Garrett Aguilar
Dyami Brycelea: Six years... if you ask me it' s about time!! I' d like to give a shout out to the
crew... made the last years here fly guys... everyone I didn' t mention... thanx for be
like to thank SFIS for the High School Diploma... couldn' t have done without you... my
family... for giving me the push I needed... other than all that its been good... glad its over... class
of' 06 were finally done... keep it real guys... LATERZ!!!
Aaron Calabaza: I would like to thank my mother who gave me life and to my father, may he rest in
peace, for giving me all the courage I needed to get where I am now. To my sister Marie who gave me
all her wisdom in what I want to achieve. My younger siblings, I thank you all and I am doing this for
you guys, I love you guys. And to the class of “ 2006 ” we did it! May all of you have success in life.
Keep your heads up because this is only the beginning of our accomplishments. PEACE AND LOVE.
Rachel Candelaria: First of all I would like to thank my family especially my sister Sharon for
supporting me throughout my years at SFIS. I love you guys!! Secondly I would like to thank
my best friends Deborah and Kat for all the memories we shared throughout our years. I
would like to thank the academic staff for taking me to the next step into the future. Oh yes!
To the dorm staff, Jill and Renee, thank you for taking me through astonishing journeys of dorm
life. Last but not least, best of LUCK!!! To the class of 2006. We did it!!!
98
