E..- 9-( 0) The returned student problem is a difficult one in thatthere is no employment upon the reservation for the boys andgirls who return here. Reports with reference to our plansfor inoreasing their garden plots so that small canneries maybe established, and with reference to giving instructions incabinet and furniture making are before your office. Gov.Hagerman, with the superintendent, is endeavoring to work outsome plan for an equitable division of the land so that thereturned students may have an opportunity to secure a livelihood by farming, and recommendations have been submitted forsecuring the aid of the Irrigation Department in developingsmall dams for utilizing more of the valley lands in orderthat the returned student may have an opportunity for working along agricultural lines.8.( a) The regular curriculum is being carried out in ourschools and good work is being done there. We have a sufricient amount of school room equipment.( b). The books on the authorized list are very well adaptedto the needs of the school.9. Manual training is being taught the boys at the Day Schooland the teacher of Home Economics is conducting classes insewing, cooking, and pottery among the girls.10. Our day school is one of the best equipped in the Service,both in class room, assembly room, and quarters. Our bathfacilities are such that many of the adult Indians availthemselves of this privilege; while the coming year thesewill be used not only by the Day School but by the CatholicMission as well.11( a). The employees at the Day School are doing good work,are efficient and loyal and are well cared for in the way ofaccomodations. Good feeling exists among the employees atthe Day School, the Missions, and the public school.12. While considerable has been done by the employees at theDay School in work with the adult Indians of the village,more could be accomplished along these lines, and more is expected of the employees there. The teacher of Home Economicsconducts classes among the Women of the village, while thereturned students are encouraged to work in our carpenterand manual training shops in the construction of needed articles for the home.