Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
and Dr. H. E. Pine, local representative of the B. A. I.
both of which officials have been untiring in their ef
forts to place scabies under control and to improve the
sheep of the reservation. One new vat was constructed
during the year. This vat was located on the eastern
edge of the reservation near Bistai. It was built under
the direct supervision of the Agency Stockman, the Indians
doing all the hauling and perfornin all labor. other
Vats will be constructed from time to time. as suitable
locations can be determined, and as the Indians can be
prevailed upoo to duplicate the efforts of the Bistai
bunch
The winter of 1925- 26 was unusually mild and very
littleif any deeth loss was experienced. All herds win
tered well and Niarch ended and April begun with ideal
reins that continued for several weeks putting the
range in the best shape it has been in for several years.
However, these continued. rains caused the death of sev.
oral she eP from pneumonia. How large this loss was is
not known but it is believed that Severil hundred sheep
died from this cause. These rains happened daily and
the sheep had no opportunity to dry out and the result
was pneumonia, This pneuinonia was confined to one general
locality and probably there were other contributing
causes, probably poor feed or lack of nature l shelter
There is no dairying among the is
avajos. They milk
their goats and consume the milk after boiling it, but
no attempt is made to milk cows. It fact the Navajo In ge
is not adapted to milch cows.
.
At the San' uen School a fine herd of Holsteins
is
kept and handled “ advantage ously. During the year there
was
an average of about 450 pounds of milk per day.
Prior to the opening of the Miesel Unit this supply ves
reasonably emple, but with the Miesa Unit addition, the
number of pupils was doubled making the supply insuf
1icient, During the year seven heifers have developed
into cows, and it proposed to buila the herd up as
papidly as possible until the milk production again
equals the aernand. The Holstein bull calf secured from
the P hoenix Indian School in 1924 is developing into a
splendid animal and will be ready for service when re
quired. The yearling Holstein bull purchased, through
H. J. He germen, from Spencer Penrose of Colorado Springs,
35
