ANNUAL REPORT 1926
CARSON INDIAN AGENCY
SECTION III
SCHOOLS
There is a very cordial feeling of co- operation between
the State Superintendent of Public Instruction and his deput jes
and the Indian schools in this state. At some of the districts,
however, the feeling of the corrunity is against receiving the
Indian pupils in the public schools. The reason usually given for
this attitude is because the Indian child is often sent to school
in an unsanitary condition, often lousy and with dirty clothes.
with the exception of a few places in the State, Indian children
are received in the public schools on the sare footing as other
children. There are about 400 Indian children attending the
public schools in the state, for whom tuition is paid at the rate
of from 25 to 50$ per capita per day.
Practically all the Indian children of school age in
this State ettenä either public schools of Indian Schools. It is
te policy wherever possible to have the Indian children attend
public schools.
The Indian day schools under this jurisdiction are located
at Pyramid Iake, Love lock and Fort McDerritt. The building at
these places are adequate, and are in a fairly good state of repair,
except the Fort McDernitt school, which will be repaired this year.
The Carson Indian Boarding School, located at Stewart is
for the most part in a good state of repair. The boys' building
needs a general goinä- over, and more sleeping porcies are needed. The
girls' building also needs an addition to take care of the nuriber
of girls enrolled at the school. At present the dormitories are
crowded. It would be desirable to have a new dorrni tory building
for the sre. 11 boys and one for the srialligeirsl. The present boys'
and girls' dormitories then could be nicely adapted for the older
students. It is hoped that this patter will receive careful
considerat on.
A special appropriation is needed for extending the heating
sys ten to the employees' buildings, the gyrmasium and hospital, A
central heating- plant is equipped with three 80 h. P. boilers, and
should take care of all the larger buildings at the school.
The liospital is not large enough for a school of this size.
Two wings should be added.
A building located near the academic building should be
provided for classes in domestic science, sewing etc.
