utbilstojala
:
Report by F. Ellis Nielson, Agenoy Farmer, Zuni Indian Agenoy.
There are five farming districts upon the Zuni Reservation,
the main settlement at Zuni; Nutria, Pescada, Tekapa and Ojo
Caliente. Some water is available for irrigation at each of
the se settlements while dry farming is used not only at the
settlements but along the valleys between them. At the main
village, at" uni, which lies below the Blackrock Irrigation
project is the largest irrigation area. This lies in the center
of the uni River valley and has a cultivated area of approxi
mately 6300 acres only one- half of which is being used because
of the scarcity of water caused by the silting of the Blackrock
dam. The soil here is not as fertile as upon the other projects
of the Reservation, being a heavy adobe and wind- blown silt but
because of the large number of Indians living adjacent and farming
here, is of the greatest importance to the Munis for their future
welfare. While this area does not produce a large return per
a cre; wheat, Alfalfa and garden produce is grown and an upper
storage reservoir which it is hoped may be constructed as soon
as funds can be provided, would assure a permanent water supply
for this section. Considerable dry farming is done in the Zuni
area, the principal crop being corn. This dry farming is gener-
ally done along washes or arroyas, dams being constructed by the
Indians allowing silt and sands to accumulate at each flood per
iod. The heavy winds and sand storms from May until June have
to be contended with but it is an exceptionally bad year when a
crop is not produced.
The Nutria settlement is the highest in elevation and the
most fertile of any part of the Reservation. There are 1000
acres under cultivation, 500 of which are irrigated from water
from springs and that diverted from the Nutria creek. The Ir
rigation Department completed a diversion dam here this summer.
The principal crops groun arei oats, wheat, corn, alfalfa, po
tatoes, beans and garden products. The crop in this section is
good and promi ses a good yield. However, the acreage is not as
large as it should be due to the washing out of the diversion
dam and the necessity of the farmers there replacing this when
planting should have been done. Their gardens suffered because
of water not being available until late in the season caused by
the early floods.
Pescada is a very fertile farm district located upon the
Pescada branch of the" uni River. The irrigation water there is
from permanent springs, a storage and diversion dam. Some 1000
acres are under cultivation, the greater part being irrigated.
Here, alfalfa, wheat, oats, potatoes, corn, beans and garden
vegetables are produced, the yeeld being double that of the Zuni
valley. The Irrigation Department constructed a diversion and
storage dam and drained the water- logged lands the past year
and this settlement is growing. If it were not for a plague of
grasshoppers in this vicinity the past season, the crop yield
would be considerably above any previous year.
Tekapa lies below the Zuni Village about six miles, on the
banks of the Zuni River and is inrigated by water diverted from
the River and impounded in a storage reservoir. About 700 acres
are in cultivation, the principal crops being, alfalfa, wheat,
corn and garden truck. The soll is quite fertile due to the
deposit of silt from the River.
