SZNZNZNZLestWeForgetThe first Key was presented by Class of 1919. Franklin Hoomah, Pres. Since thenit has been presented as follows:Class of 1920.............. Sam Hathorn, Pres.Class of 1921........... Edward U. Tsyittee, Pres.Class of 1922.......... James Heemah Solomon, Pres.Class of 1923............. Miguel Trujillo, Pres.Class of 1924.......... Edgar H. Corillo, Pres.Class of 1925............. Geo. Pacheco, Pres.Old Key put into trophy case and new one made for the extended course.( Two years.)New Key, made by George Hood, Class of 1927. Has secret Chamber holding message from Class of 1927.The Honor Society was organized by Class of 1927.The Benjamin Franklin printing press in tlie attic was bought and donated to the schoolby the Class of 1923 as a memorial.The drinking fountains on the Campus were the gift of the Class of 1925.The Certificate of Appreciation hanging on the walls of the Audi' orium was given usand signed by President Coolidge.The three elm trees along the walk to the oid hospital are “ The Clara Barton Trio."Planted by school in 1924.The Chinese elms in front of the school building were planted by the general scienceclasses in 1931. The name of the tree on the north is Charles Curtis. The other, Edison.With these trees is buried a sealed bottle containing the names of trees and participants.The catalpa tree by the band stand was planted by the class of 1923. At its roots isburied the Will of the class.The signal system in the school building was made and installed as a physics projectby the Class of 1928.The elm tree between the office and superintendent' s cottage was planted by the Classof 1921.The Alumni Association was organized June 9th, 1920. The organizers were: Supt. Perry,Dr. Wedge, Isis L. Harrington and Class of 1920. The class follows, and are chartermembers: Kate Paisano, president; Marie Romero, vice- president; Stella Santiago, secretary;Percy Kanesta,{ reasurer; James Koyona, Severiano Montoya, Robert Pacheco, Sam Hathorn,Reuben Perry, Dr. Wedge, and Isis L. Harrington. The slogan for this association wassuggested by Dr. Wedge. “ Omaha," meaning “ Up- Stream ” was adopted as it is an Indianword.The trophy case at the auditorium was donated by the Alumni, and made by the carpentersin the Class of 1930.· The gavel was made by the Class of 1930. It contains wood, silver, and turquoise. Itis to be surrendered each year to the Junior class. The surrender is to be made on graduation,and at the same exercise — following the graduation address.The Service Flag, made and kept during the World War by the Minnehaha LiterarySociety burned in the fire that destroyed the Auditorium. It contained one silver star.That, for Paul David Yazza, and sixty- two white ones. The names on the Certificate ofAppreciation given the school by President Coolidge are those of all A. I. S. boys whosestars were on the Minnehaha Service Flag.The first Yearbook was put out in 1927. It was named “ The Pow- Wow. ”The school colors are Orange and Black.The first Caps and Gowns were worn by the Class of 1927.In 1925 there were no graduates on account of the addition of two years to the curriculum. The class came back, took two years' more work and was graduated with the firstFour- Year High School Course, 1927.. Tutuill 11 years to comeAnd those you knew are gone,Some shrub, or tree, or dusty tomeWill bid you welcome home.The walks you' ve trod in days long pastMay wider be, or fewer,Still old A. I. S. holds you dearAnd knows that none were truer.Help us get out “ The Alumnus," the first number of a booklet devoted to Alumni ofA. I. S.( mid- year).I. L. H.171ZZNZNE