Section lli.
Continued................ sohool
ination. The state university is located at Albuquerque and friendly
and helpful relationship exists between that institution and the school.
The president of the university spared no expense or trouble to provide
the best instruction possible during the summer term now closing for
Indian service and public school teachers. Courses were furnished in
curriculum building, Indian art, history, and civics of New Mexico, arch
aeology and anthropology, biology, English, music and education( class
room organization and management). These subjects were handled by a
corps of excellent instructors and the teachers of this school claim to
have received great benefit form pursuing these courses.
The university, under Dr. Zimmerman, president, is to make a special
study of the needs of teachers in the public and Indian schools and ex
pects to provide during summer terms in the future the courses conten
plated to be of most benefit to such teachers.
As a special program the principal and teachers are planning some
thing like the following:
In an effort to get the best subject matter before the classes in
the school room, the te achers are collecting and keeping a list of all
mistakes made by pupils in their spoken and written work that their type
errors may be discovered and made the special topics of lessons in Eng
lish. The examination papers are the best source for such a compilation
and all papers have been saved for that purpose.
Beginning this fall, pupils will be required to give instances in
which they used any arithmetical knowledge during vacation. All tran
sactions given are to be used as special arithmetic lessons. This has
been done to some extent, yet never made a special aim in the building
of curriculum that will be most useful to the students of the school.
Last year, the grades were examined and tested with many new fonas
of examinations. When the final examinations came, the students here
were familiar with most all of the new types of examinations. Students
themselves in getting out examina tions for their classes during the year
often made use of the" false-- true"" multiple choice", and" completion"
varieties. This work will be carried on, even in the lower grades this
year, and it is hoped that it will be the means of giving a variety to
15.
