34- HopiSECTION IV.( Program for the Coming Year)HEALIH:Dr. C. J. Larsen, head physician, promotes thefollowing program for our health work for 1932:" Hospital: Would say that it is our purpose toincrease our efficiency and give a type of service that willappeal to the Indians so that they will want to come to us formedical attention and will not have to be urged. The past year'srecord is very gratifying in that the majority of the hospitalemployees have been new and although the Indians have not beenwell acquainted with us we have had a good attendance. Now thatwe have been given additional help in the hospital for the comingyear we will be able to give better service.* Clinics: We have started a number of clinics amongthe Navajos with very gratifying results for a new undertaking.It is our purpose to start more of these clinics as soon as weget field nurses and another field physician, The Navajos seemanxious to have our services more and more and come to the clinicsand hospital very well. We believe that we will gradually winthem over and the medicine men will get less and less. The Hopishave not responded to the medical advances as the Nava.jos have,but I believe they will gradually come to it, It is our purposeto make it more inviting to them and, if necessary, and foundpractical, will have clinics among them." Field Nurses: We have had field nurses among the Hopisfor some time and they are doing good work. We are in hopes thatwe will get field nurses among the Navajos as soon as possible.We have a field nurse's position for the Navajos established atKeams Canyon and we had hoped to get one at Pinon this year, butit has not been given so far. These field nurses are the mainstayof our clinics anong these people. They are a great help in aftercare of patients discharged from the hospital. I believe that wewould get more obstetrical patients into the hospital if we hadfield nurses in the Navajo field. Then, too, a goodly number ofIndians who would not or could not come to the hospital could begiven medical attention by the field nurses and brought into thehospital later if necessary.