Class HistoryBy PAUL ANDERSONThe class of 1931 began its history at this school in the fourth grade. There were aboutthirty who enrolled in the class on September 1, 1922; ten of them are still here and graduatingtoday. They are: Paul Anderson, Edith Antonio, Josecito Jiron, Bautisto Montoya, NicholasMontoya, Sousa Morgan, Flora Ray, Lupe Sando, Lupe Fernando, and Anita Padilla.In 1924, when we were in the sixth grade, ten dollars was awarded our class by theRed Cross of America. This was for taking part in a fly- killing contest in which wekilled more flies than any other class in the United States.On May 4, 1927, when we were in the eighth grade, three members of our class receivedpenmanship certificates from the Zaner- Bloser Company. Those receiving a certificate were:Esther Pacheco, Nicholas Montoya, and Paul Anderson.By the time we reached the ninth grade, we had ninety- eight members in our class. Sincethat time, our class has dropped to fifty- two members. I wish to mention Ramon Toya, aciassmate from Jemez, who left us and passed on to the other world. Three more ofour classmates are recuperating at the Laguna Sanatorium; they are Jennie Paisano, SantanitaPoncho, and Lyman Mootsa.During the past year our class was well represented in athletics; we had Miies Tso onthe boxing team; he also holds a record at the table. Juanico Cojero represented us on thewrestling team. In football, we had the following lettermen: Valentino Fragua, Josecito Jiron,Ray Johnson, Roy Pedro, Miles Tso, and Juanico Cojero. Arsenio Sanchez and David Watchman received their letters in basketball. George Mongue, Josecito Jiron, and Valentino Fraguarepresented us on the cinder path. Rosarita Cata and Paul Anderson were our class chee.leaders.We had five musicians in the school band and six nurse girls who are planning to continuetheir training elsewhere after graduation.All the Home Economics girls have taken civil service examinations for assistant matron,hoping to secure employment in the Indian Service in the various Indian Schools.At present, the senior carpenter boys are helping with the building of the emp oyees' newclub building and the senior auto mechanics boys are doing the hauling of the building materiato the new buildingFriends, though these are but few incidents of our school history, we hope that you shallhear greater things of this class from the different walks of life we will have taken.ZNZA