# 2
or and the Sisters in charge have always shown a willingness to
cooperate in all the activities participated in by the other
schools of the district.
Generally speaking, the Indians of the community served by
the day schools are very progressive and their morals are satis
factory insofar as they come in contact with the schools.
Every Indian child between the ages of 6 and 18 has been
pla ced in school or accounted for. The children are not in
corrigible and there has been no problem of discipline in this
district which the teachers have been unable to handle. Returned
students offer no problem among the pueblos at this time. The
home conditions are such that if these young people upon graduat
ing from our schools do not secure positions where they can work
and earn their own living they can return to their homes and take
up the life in the pueblo. They build better homes and keep their
homes in a manner that is a credit to the educational institutions
from which they have graduated. These young people are having a
decided beneficial effect upon the pueblo life.
Our schools are carrying out the course of study in as far
as books and materials are available to do the work required.
Our schoolroom equipment is inadequate in many instances, but
this is due primarily to the fact that new schools have been
added in the district without sufficient additional funds being
allotted totake care of the equipment, especially books and other
supplies, in the new buildings. Likewise, we have been attempt
ing to build our schools up to a point where every Indian child
will be able to complete the sixth grade without leaving his home
pueblo. This has meant an increased number of classes and the
necessity for the purchase of books and supplies for the higher
grades, To meet these needs has required more money than we have
been able to secure.
The books and supplies on the authorized list for use in the
schools are generally satisfactory. The practice of putting in
new text books in place of the ones ordered has caused some con
fusion. This is true especially in the case of books where we
had a partial supply for the district and ordered additional
books to complete the needs of our classes. When the new books
arrived they were a different kind from the ones already in use.
It has been necessary for us to make the best use possible of
the materials on hand. This has resulted in different clas6e8
in the same school having different series of text books, How
ever, these text books praotically all oontain similar material
and it is possible to cover the work outlined by the course of
