Leupp Indian School& AgencyLepp, ArizontalNarrative.Section IVIndustries. Cont' d.About two miles across the River at the mouth of Corn CreekI have planted 8 amething over twenty acres of corn, and it is doingfinely. The Creek runs out on a big flat and has deposited a siltthat has developed into good corn ground. Last season I raised cornon this same ground and a good farm can be here developed.I have induced a number of the Indians to plant here too andfenced the whole tract planted.These Indians do not sell their corn but grind it by hand andeat it as mush. Sometimes the cook it up with meat. They dry thesquash and pumpkins they raise and keep them for winter use.On account of the trees I have planted the pchool grounds area very different looking place from what thwy were when I came. Thetrees planted two and three years ago are now making a showing andthe change from the bleak desert look when I came is noticeable.Flowers and grass will come later and are a more difficultundertaking as the ground is just as bad as can be for flowers. It isnecessary to make the soil. And in fact I had to dig immense holesand haul the dirt for the trees. But after they get well startedthey get through the surface soil and send tap roots down to moistureand better ground,About the only farm implement the Indians use is a hoe, and Ihave been trying to get them to plant their corn in check rows sothat they could use a small duck foot cultivator that one of theirponies could handle. They could then cultivate four ways and thefew weeds that escaped could be dealt with with the minimum of handla bor.Also I have tried to get the Indians to plow deep in the fallwhere they are going to plant corn so that the moisture of wintercould penetrate and also to make the killing of the weeds easied inspring before they plant. The weeds come up first and by shallowha rrowing they can be killed when they start and the ground mulchedat the same time. The Indians are slow to change a pparently beingafraid that any different method than their own would result infailure. And preparing land in the fall is taking a chance of anymoisture falling on it in winter that would suffice for a crop thesucceeding season.The water resources of the reservation are very poor, butunder ordinary circumstances sufficient for the stock.On account of the railroad lands leased by cattle men theircattle and the Indians stock are running together on the same range.Fencing the railroad sections would be impossible on account of theexpense, and the necessity for the stock to have free range, and accessto water.