)
( 8)
native police force has proven ineffective and untrustworthy,
insofar as Navajoes are concerned; and the Hopi are little
better. Moreover, Hopi police cannot be used against Nava joes,
for the reason that the Nava joes do not respect the Hopi and
civil war would result; and the Navajo policeman cannot be
effectively used against the Hopi, because no one of the Nava jo
suitable for police purposes speaks either English or Hopi.
The Indian Court is a mild little farce that for the sake of
appearances it does no harm to continue. LAW& ORDER, however,
from the direction to the conclusion thereof. remains to be
administered by the superintendent, and if he is not strong
enough personally to handle any situation that may arise, God
help him.
The administration of the reserve cannot be promptly maintained
without transportation facilities. Use of automobiles has saved
much time and many lives during the past three years. Use of
automobiles and gasoline has also permitted the reduction of
the number of teams and saved large forage bills, since the
Moqui Reserve produces no forage. However, an automobile of
the" tin lizard" variety( and that type is the only dependable
one within the reservation's means and orders) DOES NOT last
forever. The Moqui Agency now has two much- used cars and a
small truok. These two cars have travelled at least 10,000 miles
each. Additional motor equipment should be provided every second
year. A recent recommendation is to procure two new cars during
the fiscal year 1919, which will serve, with proper care, until
the fiscal year 1922--18 ed in conjunction with the present outfit.
Next to transportation, and that must be considered before one
can be transported, is the means. Wheels and gasoline do not
improve the roads. The road situation here is in bad state.
There are no longer" farmers" who may be withdrawn from useless
tilling of sand to repair roads; and there is no longer an
allo tment enabling the superintendent to provide implements
to Indians through the missue" method, that formerly enabled
him to hire Indians for road work distant from the villages.
No provision has been made to supply this missue" method with
funds for money pay.
The Reimbursable business has successfully
supplanted the" issue" business, and the money is reimbursed to
the Treasury and the reservation goes unimproved as to roads,
wash crossings, and mesa hills over which mails, sick Indians,
prisoners, and Government stores must be transported.
In connection with proper administration too must be mentioned
& stable force of employees, particularly clerical help. The
work of the Agency office has quadrupled during the past three
years. The clerical force has remained stationary. A large
part of accounting that Indian Office and Warehouses formerly
performed is now being struggled with in Agency offices, without
any additional help. Aside from this, when clerks are utterly
