Annual Report, 1926
Sean Juan Agency.
trees. In addition to this 24 black walnuts and about
200 little maples were set out The fruit trees and the
walnuts Were set out just across the road from the Mesa
Unit of the San Juan School upon land that was reclaimed
from its virgin state last summer when it was cleared of
its natural growth and leveled. This land was selected
because of its location with reference to the school
buildings, because of its excellent drainage, and because
it has sufRicient area to enable us to increase the size
of the orchard from year to year. The neples were set
out on the Mesa Unit' s campus, or what will constitute
a canpus when it is finished. The maples and walnuts are
doing fine at the present writing but the fruit trees
are not doing so well. I a. n inclined to attribute this
to the fact that the maples and walnuts were purchased
locally and were set out the same day taken from the ground,
whereas, the fruit trees were purchased in Missouri and
Tere necessarily in transit for some time. In addition
to this there werepurchased this spring a few pounds
of sin and Norway maple seed which were planted with the
hope that in the future we may have trees irom our own
nursery with which to beauti£y the school grounds and
to replace the many Carolina. oplars now on the San Juan
campus which are rapidly dying. So far this seed has not
germinated
This past spring about 30 acres of the mese farm was
seeded to alfalfa and a fair stand has been secure a
Last year the San Juan and Toadlena Schools joined
in planting about 20 acres of potetoes on the top of the
mountain above oadlena, hoping thereby to secure potatoes
in quantities sufficient for all school purposes. The yield
was not up to expectations and the entire harvest, 30, 000
1bs was left at the T oadlena School. This year, as has
already been stated, we are endeavoring to raise potatoes
for the schools at Shiprock on the San Juan School farm
and at the present Writing the prospects are not as encour.
aging as one might wish." Old Timers" in this locality
advise that potatoes cannot be successfully grown at Ship
rock, but our partial failure this year by no means a is
courages us, for we feel that the failure of the seed to
germinate was due to the seed rather than to climatic
conditions or soil, otherwise why would half the seed come
up and one half fail. We expect to try it again next year.
The Boadlena supply will again be produced on the mountain
as it was last year.
32
