Section III, Page 2
chairs, tables, rugs, etc., we re purchased for the dormatories.
The dining room and kitchen received new tables, chairs,
dish washer, vegetable parer, vegetable slicer, cake mixer,
two new ranges, a fifty- gallon aluminum steam kettle and
a proofing box. Our laundry was equipped with a new five
roller mangle, a new tumbler drier, and a washing machine.
A new home economics building was erected which will
give plenty of room for all classes of girls in cooking,
sewing, laundrying, and home arts. This build ing has a
splendid basement used for laundry pupposes and storage.
The first floor has the foods laboratory, a mo del unit
kitchen, a dining room and a large reception room to be
used for pupils' socials and other social gatherings. The
second floor has the sewing class room, the school' s sew
ing room, and two employees rooms,
Our employees' building was remodeled, adding rooms
for the employees and giving a splendid employees' recep
ti on ro om, dining room and kitchen. The old ice house was
wrecked, and a new one built, giving added storage for ice
and in the razing of the old building an eye sore was taken
from the grounds.
The desire of the Office was closely followed in the
enrollment of children, in that the most needy who asked
for enrollment were accepted only. In this state the
Indians live amo ng white people, and are scattered through
a wide area. This is, the refore, not a school for reservation
Indians, but one who se duties are the education of children
who would not receive an education unless assistance of
some kind be given them. Many of the children now here
Would be charges of the State if the re were not this
school. The school room work is very satisfactory and a
class of thirty- three finished the ninth grade.
ugh
entra18
fre
que
le specialne
with
Through entrance into local athletic and scholastic
contests, our pupils frequently came in contact with the
public school. Our girls, especially this last year, we re
very fortunate in having associations with the girls from
the local state teachers college.
public schour pupils frato local athlet
