there until the following March.I had no trouble with the Indianswhatever until that time, when some of them came and commenced to buildstone monuments on the place, and to pull up the grain. I sent my littleson to remove the monuments and to tell the Indians to go away, which hedid, and the Indians went.I am acquainted with all of the Indians to whom Mr. Nebeker'sland has been allotted, and of my own knowledge know that none of themhave the slightest claim or right to any of it.During the 11 ycars Ihave known the place, it has always been occupied and farmed by the whitesettlers, who have cleared and cultivated it at great labor and expense,and have developed water for irrigation only by the greatest perserverance and industry.All of the land in and around Tuba City is unsurveyedpublic land, and only for this fact it would all have been legallyentered and patented years ago, but of course nothing of this kind can bedone untilit has been surveyed.No questions have ever arisen as tothe ownership of any of these lands until the alloting agent came togive them all to the Indians. The Moquis have always been on friendlyterms with the whites, but there has been some difficulty between theNavajoes and the settlers. About nine years ago, in Mr. Smith's absence,sone Indians whose identity we could never learn, carne in the night andburned a stack of wheat containing about one thousand bushels, justready to be threshed, with a great deal of farming machinery, the totalloss being between$ 1500 and$ 2000. Prior to this they had shot down15 or 20 head of cattle on the range. They were constantly cutting thefences, and invariably stole everything they could lay hands on.I have known Mr. Nebeker a good many years; he is a pe aceable,honest and industrious man.He has no home other than his place nearNo claim Tuba City, and makes his living exclusively by farming it.morecould be complete or righteous that his, and none could have worked morefaithfully to make his title perfect.I know that Ah- Co- Er- She does not claim nor want that portionof Mr. Nebeker's land that has been allotted to him. I have talked withhim ab out it, and he says that his own land, that he has occupied andcultivated for years, has been ta ken from him and allotted to anotherIndian, while he is asked to take a part of Nebeker's land, upon which he