1Page 2but in government, customs, and social practices,he cleavesto his Indian culture; but our Americancivilizationis makingprogressamongthem.The schools, startingfirst with the smallday school and then the boardingschool, have beena great factor in tending to raise up and advancethese Indians. It is true that the returnedstudentand the graduatefrom the boardingschool returnsto the Pueblo and goes back possiblyto the blanket,but he takes somethingwith him that is helpful.He impartsmuch of his knowledgeto his people, andother boys and girls returningyear after year do likewise, and the processof evolutiongoes on and on.The English languageis being graduallyintroduoedinto the variousvillages, and many are able toread and write. The newspaperand magazinesfindtheir way into these remote villagesand the Indianmind and visionis extended.The Pueblo is adoptingmore advancedmethodsin his industriallife. He no longercuts hiswheat with sickles, but has advancedto the selfbinder; he no longerthreshesit with ponies andgoats as he did twenty- five years ago, but in manyinstancesuses the up- to- date threshingmachine.While the metateis still in use for grindingmeal in all the Pueblos, in many instancestheIndi ans are now taking their wheat to mill or exchangingit for commercialflour.Sewing is no longer done with the awl and theneedle, but in many instancesthe modern sewingmachinemay be found in many homes. The camaorordinary" shakedown" bed has been displacedby themodernbedsteadin many instances. In many homes,tablesare now in use, and they no longereat offthe floor. Many of the houseshave been improved;they are better ventilated, have windows insteadof loopholes, and a few doors and windowsare nowsoreened. There is hardly an Indian home but whathas one or more chairs, althoughit still is a commoncustom to sit on the floor and offer the chairs tovisitors. Nearly all of the Pueblos have adoptedto some extent the white man's clothing. He nolonger objects to send his childrento school. The