Santa Fe, New MexicoFeb. 28, 1929Hon. H. J. Hagerman,Santa Fe, New Mexico,Dear Governor Hagerman:RE U. S. As Guardian of thePueblo of Taos v. Garcia,et al( Tenorio Tract)At your request, and for the information ofthe Department of the Interior, I append a summary ofthe situation as to this tract and cas,The Tenorio Tract comprises 5, 695 acres andlies immediately north of the main Pueblo Grant. Sinceit was awarded to the Indians by the Board, as hereinafter recited, no appraisal of the tract as a whole wasnecessary, or made, but an appraisal of the improvementsmade by the Mexican settlers on it amounts to$ 42, 208This covers only a minor part of the tract, possibly onethird. On another portion there is a considerable stretchof Indian cultivation and some houses, while rather morethan a third of the whole acreage is sagebrush and,although much of this would be available for cultivationif cleared. I would roughly estimate the value of thewhole tract in its present condition at about$ 75, 000.There are about 40 Mexican families on thatpart of the tract extending south from the Arroyo Seco.When the Pueblo Lands Board came to adjudicate theirrights, all of them appeared in court by one attorneywho demanded that the Board should announce, in advanceof the hearing, what rules of law they intended to applyto the evidence, especially in the matter of adverse possession and statutes of limitation. The Board declinedto do this, and, in my judgment, very properly so; whereupon counsel withdrew all his clients and refused to permit any of them to testify. The Board, the refore, investigated the title with the aid of a number of Indianwitnesses and awarded it all to the Pueblo. These Indiansproduced a paper title dating back to 1815 and showed thatthe possession of the Mexican settlers had not starteduntil after January 6, 1902.Since such possession didnot measure up to the test of the Pueblo Lands Act, andsince the Indians had a prima facie paper title, theBoard, in the absence of opposing testimony, could have