Section 1.
LAW AND ORDER-( Contra).
harvesting of their crops, and for a period of about three
months there are still too many dances, though the Indians them
selves are urging that there be fewer dances and we can see
some improvement in this situation. The best method, in our
opinion, to combat unnecessary dancing is through education and
diverting their attention to other things, representing comm
unity interests, and I can say that we have been somewhat success
ful in this way wi th the co- operation of the community chapter
organizations.
There is but little change in marriage and divorce customs
and we always endeavor to have those who wish to marry secure
license and marry under state law. It has not been possible to
reach all sections of this jurisdiction on account of so many
living in isolated places though most of the people who marry are
willing to secure license instead of marrying by Indian custom.
We find that most couples marry Indian custom first and later
secure a license. We are not authorized to issue marriage license
and do not perform ceremonies as this is left to the missionaries.
The Indians in the past select three Judges who sit in minor
cases and render decisions as their judgment may prompt, but they
have been instructed that they have no jurisdiction over any cases
of rape, theft of livestock, manslaughter, or other felonies.
Parties to any case are notified that they have right of appeal
from any decision made by the judges, but no appeal was made in
any case during the past year. Have been advised recently that
three judges will be duly authorized by the Department for the
next fiscal year at a salary of$ 10.00 per month for each. Judges
in the past have served without any compensation. In localities
out of reach of the Indian court, they are urged to present their
troubles to the headman of their locality for settlement; for
otherwise, it involves long distance of travel and much time away
from their homes and work.
There has been about the same number of cases of drunkenness
in the past year as formerly though we have endeavored to pro
secute offenders who sell or give liquor to Indians and we have
had fine' co- operation from the prohibition Bureau, with head
quarters at Albuquerque. All of our stockmen and myself have
commissions as Deputy Special Officers which has resulted in
facilitating this work. The Nava jos do not know the use of peyote,
mariguana, or tulapi, nor do they use proprietary medicines for
intoxicating effect, and we do not know of a single case where
an Indian is engaged in beer, whiskey, or wine production and
gambling is almost a thing of the past except where Indians asso
ciate with the bar- room type of Americans and Mexicans usually
found around poolhalls and in mining and lumber camps and even
this is less than formerly as the Breece Lumber Company and the
-2
