01or lese extent, inadequate and unsanitary, with insufficient or unhea ithful domestic water supplies, with badplumbing and altogether too much congestion,It is unnecessary to say that all of this is veryfavorable to the spread of disease in spite of whateverefforts the superintendents and principals may make.Some of the schools, such as Toadlena and Leupp, eremodern and up to date, and through the efforts of efficient local administrations have been kept as clean andwholesome as circumstances permit. At others, such asShiprock and Chinle, conditions are more or less deplorable- really almost beyond the power of anyone to adequately cope with. But even at the most modern schoolswithin and without the reservation, trachome is generally very definitely on the increase, although, as Iunderstand, in one or two of them, where sufficient fundsand personnel have been available, preventative measureshave been successful. This is, I believe, true ofAlbuquerque, which has had the benefit of Dr. Vicglesworth's ministrations. He is an excellent and efficientman. So also is Dr. Richards, at it. Defiance, but withthe general hospital there and the Episcopal Mission, hedoubtless has not been able to give sufficient time topreventative treatment of this disease amongst the schoolchildren; his time has been fully occupied, and he is atireless worker. This may be said of some of the otheragency physicians. Charged as they are with the generalhealth of all the Indians in their jurisdiction, in andout of school, it would take supermen to properly do thework, even if they were all highly efficient and suppliedwith adequate facilities. Some of them are not efficient.It could scarcely be expected that they would be with thesalaries paid to them. It is quite surprising. all thingsconsidered, the t they can and have done as well as theyhave to be at all effective, the drive organized againsttre.chora will, in my opinion, have to be continued overa series of years, with adequate financing and personnel,both as to physicians and nurses.1Some of the schools should, if necessary, be discontinued and turned into hospitals until adequate hospitals, or perhaps" trachoma schools" can be established,and a system of movable camp clinics can be arranged for,30 28 to be capable of following up and caring for thenon- school undians who hexemplo, Rien Indonesia kietanaste.horniti ve as itnitial18, will be nothing more than a demonstration of the actualities of the situation and can