with reference to development of interest, improved practice, increasedacroage, and diversication of crops, have vastly improved during the past year.( b) In most respects the past season's operations have been successful, particularly th reference to the irrigation projects, and to dryland farming in the higher altitudes. Some failures were experienced in varioussections on account of grasshopper and other posts. However, assistance wasgiven the Indians by the Government in furnishing Paris Green, and also poisonedgrain in combating the situations mentioned, and as a result considerablerelief was afforded the Navajo farmers, Some lack of success was experiencedin various sections on account of drou thy conditions, and also on account ofthe Indians' failure to follow most approved practice in fall plowing, soodselection, etc. Greater cooperation in this regard will undoubtedly bo so.cured in next season's operations, as the Indians are much more fully realizingthe necessity of improved practice in their farming operations.( 0) Considerable experimental work was carried on under the directionof our Extension Agent in the growing of forage and other crops, and as aresult it was determined that certain kinds of corn were particularly suited toconditions in this country. It was also found that Sudan grass, certainvarieties of oats, barley, pinto beans, and select types of potatoes, as wellas some other crops. not previously raised to any extent by the Navajos, wereparticularly adaptable to sections of this country.( a) Discussion under( b) applies.( e) Practically all farm crops produced are consumed on thereserva tion.( f) A special effort has been put forth in encouraging Indiansto save seed for ensuing season's planting whenever the seed produced is ofsuitable quality to justify doing 80. However, on account of poor marketingconditions, wi th reference to wool and sheep, and also other products of thiscounr ty during the past year, it has been necessary for the Indians to consumea great quantity of grains, etc., which would otherwise have been used forthis spring's planting. As a result, the Nava jos are urgently requestinghelp from the Government in supplying sead for this year's use, and it is theintention to furnish these seed reimbursably so far as funds will allow,( g) No green houses are provided at any of our schools or at agencyheadquarters. A start has been made during the past two years to develop anursery at the agency. This will be used for school and agency needs, andalso to assist and encourage the Indians in starting or chards and shade groves.( h) The Indians know very little about seed testing methods. Thisis being given attention by our Extension Service through the Chapter organizations, and we feel confident that considerable education will be broadcastin this manner within a comparatively short time.- 11.