Sec.3- Schools( Cont'a)
( 4)
to the boys, as time that could otherwise be devoted to in
dustrial training in lines more congenial and useful is ta
ken awy from them.
Laundry machinery should be installed, by all means, both
to expedite the work at the school, and to relieve the boys
and girls from arduous and distasteful duties. The Pullman
system of providing tovels& c, for the pupils, in a more san
itary condition could be installed if machinery were pro
vided.
With the exception of the laundry, the school plant is
in very good condition, a few minor repairs being necessary
in the lavatories and bath rooms. These repairs should rath
er be called improvements, as they mean a change innthe sit
uation of the lavatories to give more room for proper bathing
facilities. It was the intention to make these changes during
the present vacation term, but due to the fact that money will
not be available in tame, the probabilities are that another
school term will be conducted in the same manner as previou 8
ly. The necessity for laundry machinery has been taken up
with the Indian office time and again and urgently recommend
ed by inspecting officials.
Swings, teeter boards, merry- go- round, croquet grounds&
tennis courts have been made on the school grounds this
summer, and the school will be more attractive to pupils
than formerly.
The School farm is not of any advantage for teaching the
boys agriculture, as there is no water available for same.
The pumping plant is a costly arrangement for supplying
water for domestic and culinary purposes, and cannot be used
for irrigation purposes without an excessive addition farin
for fuel.
cost
The total cost of operating the Schools, Boarding and
Day, for the fiscal year 1912 was$ 18849.97, in comparison
with$ 21512.01 for the previous year. The saving was effect
ed by no improvement or repair work having been done in 1912,
and less supplies of a miscellaneous character purchased.
In 1911 a reservoir was built for the water system, cost
ing approximately$ 1395.
Recommendations have been made for an Engineer to be sent
to examine the possibility of diverting water from springs
by a gravity system for the use of the School and Agency, and,
if the plan contemplated is feasible,& saving of$ 2000 per
year can be made in the operating expenses,
The continual transfer of employees is a great detriment
to the School, the pupils having to acquire new methods at
every term and often two or three times during the school
term: more stringent rules should be in force to correct
this disadvantage.
