16- HopiStock: We run about 6,500 head of cattle; 3,600 headhorses; 140,000 head sheep and goats. Value at this time; about$ 875,000.00Crops: Hopis; fruit, corn, beans, melons, squash.Navajos; corn, melons, hay, potatoes, beans, some wheat and barley.Value; about$ 218,700.00. Some times their crop of pinon nuts willrun$ 70,000.Handicrafts: Hopis make pottery, baskets, blankets,belts, dresses, etc. Navajos make blankets, silverware, belts,etc. This brings in a yearly income of about$ 108,000.Labor income: The labor income of the se Indians,aside from salaries paid by the Government, amounts to about$ 191,000 yearly.Business councils are held with both the Navajos andthe Hopis and include the assembling of the most reliable andintelligent members of both tribes. Every year we have anadditional judge or two granted by the office. It is our intentionto have a judge for every district arnong the Nava jos and in everyvillage of the Hopis, and to allow them more and more to managetheir own affairs through the Indirect Rule plan. Every month wehave local business councils among the Navajos, and they are ofgreat assistance to this agency in the conduct of Indian affairs.They are a very valuable assistance to me, and I freely andfrequently consult individual members and head men of the differenttribes. This Navajo council has been of creat use here for itcontains the very best men among the Navajos on this reservation.It gives us the Indirect Rule plan. If the. Hopis could organizeunder the same kind of an arrangement and conduct their affairsthrough such a body, it would be a wonderful advantage to them intheir efforts for progress. We have a number of Hopis who meetwith us in this Navajo council, and they feel the same way aboutthe matter and are working to get such a council through whichthe affairs of the Hopis could be administered. The value ofsuch services by these Indians can not be counted or properlyestimated. Everything of importance goes through this council ofthe Navajos-- everything which affects their condition-- and it isonly through this co- operation that we are able to work togetherin such fine harmony and with such splendid results.This waythey are wonderfully interested in helping themselves.These Indians, fortunately for them, have neverreceived any funds or annuities or shares from trust funds excepting