0
Hopi 8.
SECTION III- SCHOOLS.
1.
We have a Public School at the Agency and there are
a number of our children attending public schools off
the reserve, as is shown by the list of pupils given
with this report, showing where those off the reserve attend
school.
2. These schools handle the wants and requirements of
all our children, Where we can we urge public- school
attendance instead of Indian school.
92-11
leat
hofendorim
3. The needs of the schools on the reservation are
as follows:
a. The Navajo Boarding School at the agency should be
completed, both in equipment and constructions. The plant
has not been finished because of want of Indian Treaty
funds. We also need a new lighting plant and boiler,
an ice plant, more water developed, a gym and more
dormitory space, besides a cottage for employees. The
Hopi Day Schools, to carry the six grades should have:
Polacoa, a new school building; Toreva or Second Mesa,
Ichool- room equipment and a shop building: Chimo povy,
cottage for employees and school building that will pro
vide two class rooms; Oraibi neods wa tor closets, kitchen
equipment, baths for students, etc.; Hoterilla- Bacabi,
bath- room equipmont, addittons to principalms house,
and additional class- roon spa ce. These improvements will
put these Day Schools in first- class shape and make then
effective and efficient.
b. To have no school farm, but are experimenting with
desert crops in the hope of getting forage for a hospital
goat herd. We have a fine garden and fruit orchards and
are putting in more every chance we got.
6. Tho employee force at the Day Schools are efficient and
doing fine work with few exceptions. The force at the
Navajo Boarding School is not so effective, many of them
being employed in Indian work for the first time and there
are others to be weeded out before we are able to run
smoothly and the most satisfactory.
4. The following can be said of Graduates returning to
this reservation:
Character seems to be good and most of them seen to
have gotten a good education and made good use of their
opportunities, but it is pitiful, if not a tragedy, to
have them return here where there are no opportunities
for work of any kind, or of making a living excepting as
they go to stock raising or gardening for themselves,
