a Federal school of good standing and have completed a standard courseof study, and thoy, therefore, place the pupils on a lower plano, andeither go to ono Extreme or the other by petting them, so to speak, orrogarding them entirely as Sorvants and not associates.Most of our returned students have turned out well, are now livingin the citios carning good wages, or are married and have sett Led on farms.The majority, however, have gone to the city. There are samo, I regretto state, who have not proved successful in selecting work and have eithermarried badly or are idlors and worthless to themselves and everybody else.The academic department of our school is fairly well equipped, inolading a library of 1200 books with periodicals. Also a moving picturemaahine. Fi Lms are shown twice a month during the school year, and thisis of much benefit to the pupils in addition to furnish amusement. Theauthorized list of books have met mostly all requirements so far at thisܙܐܘ gehoGenerally speaking, the employees are capable, loyal, and energetic.The expenditures for this school ha ve been practically the same thefour years or so, there being the same number of pupils heretoforo appropriated for. I have during the past four years especial ly emphasizedeconomy in all departments; hence, no real increase has been involved.But our surplus stock is now exhausted and the situation gets more seriouseach year, trying to make both ends meet and keep the school runding offiebont ly.The playgrounds for the boys and girls are used constantly when thepupils are at liberty, and do a great deal of good to the pupi s. Thecampus is well laid out with trees, shrubs and flowers, and I do nothesitate to state that our campus is one of the prettiest in the city.We have a greenhouse in which we place the flowers during the cold weather.If it were not for the Indian school here there are over 1500Indian children who would never see the inside of a schoolhouse. TheState authorities, in most cases, do not enforce school attendance uponIndians. Also, the families roam about considerably and do not stay inany one place long enough to allow their children to attend sahool. Mostof the families prefer to have their children attend the Government schoolso that the children can pursue their studies and the parents can thenbe free to continue their roaming, without dragging their children alongwith them. Of am urse, the school is small for the number eligible to attend it, and many prospective pupils have to be refused admissi on, butmany receive much benefit. Considering the attitude of the state andCounty authorities toward attendance of Indian children and consideringthe number of eligible children in Michigan I am of the opinion that theschool should continue in operation for a number of years yet, possibly