7- Hopion the reservation in some school. All children eligible for theHopi day schools will be in school when they open this fall. Anumber of Navajo children have to be excused on account of nativeindustries, economic reasons, and caring for the old and indigentIndians among the Navajos.We have very few incorrigible pupils. The conditionof returned students from outside schools is not what it shouldbe. There should be some effort made by the Indian Office totake care of most of these people off the reservation. The majorityof them return to the reservation expecting that we can give themwork or that they can get work here. We do everything we possiblycan for them and have placed a great many, both on and off thereservation, but there should be an employment system establishedwhereby these people could be carefully looked after and receivethe encouragement and attention they deserve. At different schoolswe have places where they may work, and we have also sent a numberof them out of the state in order to place them in good influencesand among line people. Our matrons are continually placing themaway from the reservation at fair remuneration, but we can onlycare for a small part of these ex- students in this way.Industrial training is given at the day schools andalso at the boarding school. This applies to both girls and boys.Pre- vocational work is given at the boarding and day schools; forboys in carpentry, painting, electrical and steam engineering,blacksmithing, gardening, masonry, auto mechanics, truck driving,etc., and for girls in domestic art, home economics, native arts,etc. This coming term we expect to put all children in school allday.The efficiency, loyalty and co- operation among employees,both school and agency, is above the ordinary. The harmony isespecially good. They are doing splendid work. Unfortunately weare very short of accomodations for both families and single personsat our schools. We need a number of small cottages for both agencyand school employees, here at the agency and at the day schools.This is still an urgent need though we built three here this year.It has been said a number of times that the Hopi dayschools are getting the best results of any similar schools in theUnited States Indian Service. They are surely doing good work,They work to meet the needs not only of the children but of theentire Hopi communities as well. They are simply a part of theHopi communities. We try to improve them every year, They wiela