-2Law and Order.students. It would be a good thing if these dances could besupervised to the extent of legal action being taken toeliminate the degrading influences connected with them.Thiswould be a difficult problem and the Indians would probablyresent any interference with these long established customs.I have to report with regret that a number of returned studentswere permitted to perform or take part in these dances in thepast year and a number of the girls were ruined because of theseceremonies in which they took part. There has been more of thisin the past year than for several years, I learn, because therehave been more returned students coming back this past yearfrom outside schools.The superintendent has legal authority to perform marriagesbut this agency believes in having the missionaries conduct themarriage ceremonies wherever possible. These Indians are againstlegal and lawful marriages and almost all of them have to beforced into marriage. Legal divorces are obtained wherevernecessary.( a) The Indians will not comply with the state lawsin regard to marriages and divorces except where they are forcedto do so. There is no law which legally strengthens the handsof the superintendent in this matter. The field ma trons arevery helpful in this respect and have done a great deal towardthe consummation of marriages, especially among the Hopis andwhere the young people are concerned.( b) I have bluffing myway in regard to this matter, absolutely using force in someinstances. he field matrons report cases where people livetogether ceremony then we bring them in or take them to amissionary and have them properly and legally married and themarriage ceremony is registered in the county records.( c) Iam deputized by the state laws to issue marriage licenses toIndians. This is a big help to us in this work of practicallyforcing these Indians to comply with the laws.The state laws would be adequate to remedy these unlawfulconditions on the reservation providing they applied to Indianson the reservation. The two bills in congress- HR 7826 in theHouse, S 2705 in the Senate- such as are now approved by theIndian Office, would greatly help this work. Good homes arethe foundation of good citizenship and these Indians will neverhave good moral homes until they are forced to marry and divorcelegally and to otherwise conform to state laws.