09
3
A Social Science Unit on
The Pilgrims
Why this unit was chosen; This unit was really chosen by the
children; It was a direct outgrowth of their interest. A
group of boys were reading as supplementary work, Best Stories
by Marjorie Hardy. The first fifty, pages of this book is about
the Pilgrims The boys suggested that they make a pilgrim
house. From this the unit grew.
How the Unit was developed; the building of the Pilgrim house
resulted in the building of a forest scene with the Pilgrim
homes at one end and an Indian village at the other, The sto
ry of the Pilgrims gradually unfolded. A period of'activity
was followed by a period of discussion, reading, or picture
study. Thus the building of the forest scene was a gradual
growth rather than a planned affair.
other activities in connection with this unit were:
1. The making of dolls to represent people.
2. The making of animals for the forest scene.
3. The making of a frieze.
4. Making Pilgrim furniture.
5. The making of rugs by the gorls; the boys made the frames
,
6. The making of candles.
7. Illustrating, the making of hominy as the Pilgrims made
it with wood ashes.
8.Impersonating Pilgrim boys or girls and writing letters
friends
9. Reading stories about the Pilgrims.
1o. Collecting pictures
11. Picture study; picture study added much to the suc
cess of this unit. We sent for the Brown pictures, 1 11
lustrating Pilgrim 11fe( 18in all).
12. Making a booklet telling about the Pilgrims.
13. Designing, a cover for the booklet.
14. Telling stories about the Pilgrims.
15 Listening while the teacher or a member of the class
told a story.
16. Learning an Indian Lullaby.
17. Singing Thanksgiving songs.
18. Making Thanksgiving posters.
19. Studying the following poems," lheak in the Dyke" and
parts of" Hlawa tha."
20. Writing a playlet,( with suggestions from the teacher.)
21. Making costumes for the playlet.
22. Making cookies and pumpkin pies for the" Thanksgiv
ing feast.( Under the direction of the Domestic Science
teacher
.)
23. Acting the playlet mentioned before.
F. DeLay, Teacher
