1
1
>
1
( 20)
With respect to the needs of the Indians in cattle and sheep,
it should be first stated that the Nava jo has about 100,000 head
of sheep and goats, the Hopi about 25,000. In cattle it is
estimated that about 8,000 head will cover the entire holdings
of both tribes.
Only a few individuals of each tribe see the necessity for
procuring bulls and rams with which to improve their herds.
This is a slow matter, and to accomplish anything taxes all
the ingenuity of the Superintendent and Stockman. It is not
a question of what the Indian needs--- it is& question as to
what he will buy and pay for, since the reimbursable funds
are at present the only means toward improvement. The Indian
cannot be forced to buy, no matter what his need; and thereafter
he cannot be forced to care for something he has not wanted in
the beginning.
There is, however, a considerable showing of improvement,
which can be traced to the Rambouillet and Cotswold Rams
issued and sold during the past four years, and the introduc
tion of 25 head of full blood Hereford Bulls.
A proposal will be made shortly to authorize the Superintendent
to run an Agency band of sheep, heving improved bucks, the idea
being to sell or issue the male get to Indians who need same.
Only in this way can we hope to produce sheep at a price that
wiii insure the Indians' buying. The last Cotwold bucks
imported were so loaded down with Governmental expense that
today( November 1) five remain on hand, having been on hand
since October 1916.
Another proposal will be made to acquire an Agency Stallion
of the thoroughbred type, and to conduct an Agency experiment
paddock, using Indian mares, to endeavor to produce a cavalry
type of horse.
These last two matters are having consideration in corre
spondence.
The cattle should be further improved through the purchase
and sale to Indians of additional full- blood Hereford Bulls:
but it is difficult to sell these animals to Indians when the
price goes above$ 100. It makes no difference about the market
in Toras. The Hopi and Navajo Indians of this range know
nothing about Tomas; and they will not, in numbers, buy whatb
they believe to be over- priced animals. bzooeding difficulty
was experienced in the disposal of the last 15 Bulls received.
The whole matter of stock improvement among Indians is a slow
persuasive campaign to interest them. I cannot report that the
returned student from non- reservation schools has any of this
interest. The greatest success has been with the ignorant
renge Indian who knows cattle and sheep, and who has not been
spoiled by temperamental school- teachers amid the distant
olive groves.
