2009
Isaiah J. Calabaza Santo Domingo
What up guys! Damn WE MADE IT. I wanna thank everyone from the
SFIS community for pushing me to do my best. THANKS to my family
for all the support and guidance that you gave me through out my life, I
appreciate all of you and most of all I LOVE ALL OF YOU. SAM, we
made it! I wanna thank you for making these past years the best and my
life even better, I hope to be with you throughout my life. Cuz I know
that you will make everyday special. MAMA I made it, I hope you' re
proud of me. And to all that thought that I wouldn' t make it, I' m here,
take a good look. This is dedicated in loving memory to my homie
Garrick" yum" Gachupin, we made it homie, I know you' re looking
down on me and I know you' re proud. I LOVE YOU HOMIE, Rest In
Peace. D, Nisha, look at ya homeboy I made it. To all the friends of' 09
leave you with this" may your troubles be less and your be blessings be
more, may nothing but happiness come through you door". I hope that we
all live our lives in a good way and come home to our people. Peace and
much love.
Luwanna Candelaria Jemez/ San Felipe Pueblo
It' s finally here the moment we have been waiting for our high school graduation!
Whoo Hoo!! Well first i want to thank my parents for always being there for me and
encouraging me to pursue my dreams and thanks to my bro Keith for everything he
has done for me and to the rest of my family thanks. LOVE YOU ALL. I also want
to thank all the teachers and staff who have helped get me where I am today. Thanks
to the dorm staff for being my family away from home. To Grandma Verna and
Dalene thanks for all the laughs and food lol love you ladies. I would also like to
thank my friends Crick- ee, Pocahontas, Jay, Brad, Shadie, Tiff, Sam T, Eyaa, Les,
Sam G, Christian, Aileen, Uriah, Kris K,( I know you' ll read this). To the CBE crew
DEE, Dennis, Shalome, B, Dylan, Kayla, Erica, Dion, Christina, Daniel, and Jay
thanks for all the laughs and crazy times on our trips, you guys made my afternoon
fun. To lil James its been hard but sorry it dodn' t workout between us lol and to the
one' s I didn' t mention you know who you are, thanks for all the laughs and memories
" GOOD TIMES- GOOD TIMES" and always being there for me. Luv ya guys. I' m
gonna miss ya all.
Amber Castillo Diné Nation
" A friend knows the song in your heart and will sing it back
to you when you have forgotten the words." My friends and
teachers have unbelievably been there for me my entire year.
They have become pure poetry and a big part of my life. My
family has supported me and along with friends and teachers,
taught me a whole lot. Each individual that I have
encountered throughout the year, opened my eyes and my
heart. I enjoyed high school and will never forget it XOXO
er
Teresa Cata Ohkay Owingen/ Alskan Native
to
00
ert
nt
nd
se
15
