a further reduotion in income from stock raising. Heavy lonso.
durine inter and spring wonths, lesser lemb crops, a further
reduced wol elip, and inferior and stunted lambs to sell overy
fell will eventually be the results. It is proposed to develop
water by building reservoirs for the impounding of surface water,
and the erilling of deep wells in artesian districta; this water
to be used for irrigation. The average Income per lepajo family
1. by far lower than it should be, and if the present nunber of
etook i. maintained causing a further dopletion of the rangea,
this income will be further reduced. It would, therefore, be wise
and consistent with good economy to reduce the number of sheep
by which seeno the reages would recuperate from their present
state of Lapovori shinent. To compensate for the supposedly reduced
number of sheep that could be marketed every fali, such ferning
areas would provide a living for the Indians as a arnall acreage
per family under intense cultivation would mean that they would
be assured of food throughout the year. It is believed thet such
a progru would offer a solution, at least in sone measure, to the
present acerevated condition among the Revajo..
Some range reconnaissanco has been carried on during the
past fiscal year, and it is proposed to continue that activity
if the ranger can be released from other duties, A reconnaissance
discloses that it takes from ten to twelve acres per sheep tor
year- round praxing to maintain the range on a sustained basis.
The present ratio of five acros per sheep is decidedly destructive
utilisation,
The present readjustment and consolidation of lands will
have beneficid effects on range utilization in the futuro. Shen
eter time is available, further range studies and range management
plans will be carried over and perfected. It is contemplated to
practice heavy culline of sheep and coats no as not to cause an
abrupt chance in the number of enim ls that the Indians ora.
WATER DEVELOPMENT:
Two reservoirs are now in the process of construction
east of Crownpoint, and it is hoped that at least one more be
built this year. These reservoirs are to be used for watering
livestook. In order to effect proper distribution of weterine
places and the proper running of sheep on the range, it is nocessery
to build upward of 150 additional reservoirs on this jurisdiction.
It is hoped that money may be available to develop water for
Irrigation in the near future. fall projects where soil and
moisture conditions are favorable would be cboden.
