는
( 15)
like the hospital, the quarters and facilities will not be automatic,
and some visible tangible help should be on the ground all the time.
It is respectfully pointed out that this matter of vacancies in
regular positions is a most terrific handicap to steady advance in
Indian work. It is quite as bad as the charactertistic negative
wall the Indian himself erects. A superintendent strives to carry
out a schedule of operations, which to show any appreciable result
must depend on patient regular daily presentation to the Indian
community, only to find through dissatisfaction of employes because
of routine, location, isolation, living conditions, and quarters,
that the scheme is crumbling away. There are several points of
view and the employe surely is entitled to his angle of vision.
Quarters are cramped, inadequate, and especially in winter uncomfort
able; living conditions are terrifically high in point of finances;
the isolation and location of field points are undeniable; and the
absolute removal from social life and any form of amusement makes
the grind a very soul- deadening thing.
One inspecting official has said that five years at Moqui is
sufficient to drive any one mad-- and the saving clause in the
contract is that before one can have paresis he must first have
brains. Another once said that to live at First Mesa, viewing
its local sterility, called for a salary of$ 5,000 per annum.
But each of them, no doubt, considered the prospect all right and
sufficiently entertaining for a$ 50 teacher. It's all in the
point of view.
Meantime, however, efficiency suffers. The schools last term,
because of vacancies in teaching force, were not, in my opinion
more than 60% standard-- even that standard of the Indian Service.
Perhaps a clearer view of this matter can be presented through
a few figures:
The record of" Changes in Employes" shows:
1912------- 30 changes;
1913-
.- 131
1914---
48
1915----
63
1916----
79
1917----
103
454 changes in 6 years.
The average number of positions available for employes during these
six years was 85, and the average number of changes for each year
was 76.
The six year period, from July 1, 1911 to July 1, 1917, shows that
One Hundred and Twenty- seven employes of Civil Service status have been
assigned to this Moqui Reservation, an average of twenty new and green
employes each year. The average length of stay is One Year Eight Mos.
TI
