) 4 2ArushaponSlipsofdine15-1882 allpaperAroundtheThe Plotter done think they intend to do any continuat contention between theirbuongINDIANS,DAILY JOURNAL.Another good letter on the Indi.THE NAVAJOS.question will be found in our colu,Las Vegas, June 12, 1882.BY THE ALBUQUERQUE PUBLISHINGthis inorning, ou the third paga.Editor JOURNAL:COMPANYwriter's busines along the line ofYour excellent editorial in regardALBUQUERQUE LODGE No. 1. I. 0.0. F.Atlantic and Pacific railroad has gineto the Navajo Indians, in the JOURNALMeet every Friday night at 8 o'clock. Visit.a few days ago, was so much to their brothers in good standing are cordjallyhim an opportunityto become vorinvited to attend, point, and expressed the matter sowoll acquainted with the characteJ. G. GRASE, N.G.plainly and truthfuliy, that I want toEDW. STRARBURG. Secretary.istics of the Navajo Indians, nadthank you for it. A residence oftwenty- five years on the frontier, andTHE NAVAJO INDIANS.laughs at the idea that any persoan intimate acquaintance for tive WIZLEshould be afraid of harm from theyears with the Navajos, enables me toIpilians. He agrees with the JourLetter from a Hentleman who is Acquaintedjudge intelligently of the character ofWith Them.Nag that they are a peaceablepeoplethose people, and you only do themsimple justice and state the simple EDITOR JOURXAL:and that the only dangerof antruth when you say they are a" peace- The fact that about 16,000 Navajotroublewith them comes throug!ful, peace- loving people, following theIndians reside in New Mexico andwhisky. 5 suggestionto put apursuits of peace." That there may beArizona is very naturally a subject ofthe territor along the lino of the rail.a few bad men among them I do notimportant interest not only to our ownroad nethere are a: nong the deny, but soreservation under thewhite pe ple. Because the James boys people but also to all the people of thecontrol of the agent is good, andUnited States.went to robbing trains and banks shallAgent Eastman woull then maintainThat their characteristics and con.we conclude that the people of MisLlie same good order throughout thatsouri are going to break out" en dition may be better understood is theportiou of the territory that he nowmasse and go to train robbing? and object of this letter,yet anyone who is acquainted with the The Navajos are a medium sized,maintajas on the reseryution.Navajos will agree with me that there common featured and formed people;would be fully as much sense in such and as compared with other indrutaa conclusion as that, as there is in the might be called medium in almostreports som. t: nos circula' ed about the everything- size, intellect, looks andNavajos going to break out. News.// actions.paper correspondents are in the main With the exception of blankets they JUNE 16. 1882.for. nothing.wrong, as a general rule, but they don't necessities and their natural indolence. ist fabulous, for such developmentknow any better. The most of them in the care and management of their wholly without precedent in theare fresh from their homes in the east, herds of horses, sheep and goats; andistory of the country, and our own& and to their minds if a man is in Ind. I as a consequence the laborttendingian he must per se be a savage, and as this service generally de:Jeople, who are eye- witnesses to tho.es uponthere are a great many Navajos they the children a.id is indifferently per- eemingly magical growth that is godemight make a great deal of trouble if formed.ing on around them can scarcely comThe sheep and goats furnish al- vredend the marvelous progress that tal- concies they should rise against the whites;hence, it only requires a little imagin- most the whole subsistence of thes being made by the young giant ofation to get up a sensational article people-- the sheep, wool which is sold,army forces on the subject I am glad to see that and the goats, milk and flesh for food. The Rio Grande.the JOURNAL is well informed on the Their horses, of which they have amary subject, for it can do much to remedy great number, are entirely an unnecIf they could be conThe mines of New Mexico are atparts of the territory. The late ac- verted into cattle, it would make thetion of the court at your place will do nation independently rich.fracting more and more attentionThese people are not brave; yotyvery day, and encouraging reportaing liquor to the Indians, and that their vanity leads them to rotain theirtre coming in Irvin Ittily all thewould put an end to all trouble with horses and guns, which enables themthe Navajos.OLD TIMER. to maintain the appearance of a war. pamps in the territory.. genlleuralike tribe.who came up yesteru .y from LuckyThe foregoing communication upon They have no great loaders great valley sily's recent uis ureries ju themIndian affairs is from an old resident men, among thein, and are therefore istrict show large deposits of ininuriof the frontier, and one whose judgment will probably for generations to come,vetter than any heretour. found; oson the subject is reliable. His refer- unless forced to do differently, remain citement is running higit waung theerence to liquor selling among the Ind- puch the same as they now are. painers, and it is die ucral opinionians calls to mind a suggestiin made' Their rese" vution, although large, isulat ibe Luko Valloy aliius will eclipsoin regard to the matter, a few days which they now possess, and the not large enough to support the stockthe carbonato deposits of Lead villeingov.ago, by a prominent railroad official, rnment very wisely has given them extent and ricines. A ne: places ofto the effect that the proper way to permission to ocupy the country lud, running from twenty- äve tudeal with this subject would be to ex- puth of their reservation for grazing Airty cents to the goal is reportodtent the police regulations of the Ind- urposes-- this land partly used byhem extends far south of the Atlantictom Golden, the wonderful copperian reservation over all that portion of and Pacific railroad line, and shouldds in the Jemes continue to im11the country where the evil exists. be treated the same as any other In- Tove with every day's work, theSuch a plan as this would be summa- lian country in absolutely prohibit- gdalenas are showing up beiterry and effective, and would enable the ing the introduction of intoxicatingWhan ever, new and valuable dissliquors upon the region so occupied.oficers to strike at the root of the mattheWith this done, the people of New Overics are reported fromter at ouce. The suggestion is worthy( exico and Arizona need not have Biack Range, and thu Sandias, aboutof consideration. y fears of outrage at the hands ofJOURNAL has marched'" all"Malibus, ասաNavajos.ALBUQUERQUE, June 16.country with Kit Carson thirty yearsago only to be called “ tenderfoot" nowby one he loves!Go to- Cassius, yourile me.IMPROVINGmline that is le vele ele false reports.do te for en linturyTomoguch to break up the business of sell.ntiono