1
!
1
( 3)
present the superintendent with transportation problems that would
stagger a circus manager. It must be arranged, too, if any new
construction work is to be accomplished, to have such work done
during the summer, from June 1 to September 30. All concrete
work must be arranged for this season. And this is just the time
when, because of finances incident to the close of one fiscal year
and the opening of another, it is most difficult to accomplish
anything.
The rain report will indicate that the early summer season is dry,
and this is also the wind- period, the reservation being swept by
burning blasts that produce terrific sand- storms. These driving,
cutting, sand- storms, accompanied by the scorching wind, check if
they do not ruin crops.
The Indians have to face also the prairie
dog or gopher problems, and during the planting season of 1917 it
was reported that some of the Hopi replanted their corn eight times.
These conditions necessitate the frequent shifting of planting grounds.
After one sandstorn a once profitable field may remain a waste, if it
has not been lifted entirely out of the country and deposited in Utah.
Water- Supply Paper No. 380," The Navajo Country," by Prof. Herbert
E. Gregory, issued by the United States Geological Survey, will confirm
the most extravagant statement with respect to climate in this report.
Under these cogditions, whatever is grown is the result of a
terrific struggle that would entirely discourage the white man, even
if the most courageous white man would begin. The influences of
climate and topography have not failed to affect the inhabitants,
especially the Hopi, who are fatalists, and whose temperamental
characteristics are rather wierd. Their religious calendar and
pagan priesthood daily demonstrate that thirty years of Governmental
enforced education( academic, sanitary and medical) have not made a
too great impression. The old are positively unreclaimable, and the
young, when on the reservation, are largely under the domination of
their elders. However, the continuous patient work of the Govern
mental employe has not been without its rewards in results among the
Hopi Indians, and while improvement is only relative, those who have
lived on the Moqui Reservation for a period of seven years believe
there has been considerable improvement of general conditions and
wealth among these people.
The plains of the reservation, which are wide valleys between high
waterless mesas, all trace a general southwesterly course toward the
Little Colorado River. These so- called canyons are liberally supplied
with water- courses, dry save during the torrential rains of June, July
and August, and such beds are cutting deeper with each year's torrents.
It is difficult to maintain roads during the rainy season.
The high mesas reach out into the south- central part of the reserve,
like bony fingers, and the Hopi long ago, centuries ago, selected these
heights for their towns. Originally it is believed their idea was
to assure splendid defensive points. Necessity for such action
continued probably as late as 1850. It is therefore quite impossible
now to persuade the uneducated Hopi to leave his mesa home.
