0
2
and dust; food should be kept in clean containers and handled
with cleån hands; need for fresh air in the home; the disposal
of body wastes, especially in cases of sickness. An attempt
was made to kead the children to an understanding of the effect
of cleanliness upon health; to lead them through home relations
as shown in the animal world to an appreciation of their ass
members of the family; to lead them to see that each has his
responsibility in keeping the home clean,
The children made posters based upon the above; as," Swat
the fly";'' Burn trash!"
Our Bath: A discussion of our bath followed; why we bathe;
how often we bathe; the care of the neck, ears, teeth, hair,
face, and hands. Dảily inspection of hair, neck, ears, face,
hands, finger- nails, and clothes was made. A dålly record of the
above was kept. At the end of the week a summary was made
each
child given a weekly rating. At the close of the unit the week
ly ratings were averaged and each child given a rating for the
whole period.
Other activities carried out in connection with this unit
were:
1. The making of booklets.
a." How we keep clean book";. The children cut out pictures
from magazines and papers. Ech child prepared a page for the
book. Under the pictures the children wrote original descript
ive sentences
b." Our Animal Ways" the children composed stories about
the animals in the Animal Way". The best story was included in
a booklet called" Our Animal way.'
c. My Keep Clean Book; the children formulated their own
rules for cleanliness, These were made into a booklet called
" My Keep Clean Book."
2. The children made posters 11lustrating cleanliness rhymes.
3. A border of animals was made
4. Pictures were collected for the bulletin board.
5. The children wrote letters telling about our unit.
6. Picture study was given a prominent plane; the following
pictures were studied in detali:" Saved"" the Piper and the
Nut Crackers"," Shoeing the Horse" by Lanåseer; The Shepherdess"
by LeRolle.
7. Songs about birds and animals were leamed.
8. The children studied the following poems:" The Friendly Cow"
'
by Stevenson;" Lazy sheep pray tell me why."
