- 2-
had educational
facilities, more and more will the olà customs die
out. The children and returned stuđents are not only permitted to
view anu participate
in the old Indian dances, but are expected to
take part in them, and if they âo not they incur the displeasure
of
the older Indians. It is especially with regard to the extent to
which the chilaren participate
in the dances that harm comes from
them. The dance season is the time of reasting and revelry. They
extend ſar into the night, and often all night. Food is available
at all times, and there is no regularity
in the eating and sleeping
habits of the children during the dance period. Especially during
tne winter months is this true. The day school pupil will often be
so exhausted after one of these nights of dancing-- and these occur
with great frequency-- that it is impossible for him to accomplish
anything in his school work, and it requires continual watching on
the part of the teacher to keep him from dropping off to sleep, even
during the recitation period.
The greater number of botn marriages and divorces among the Zuni
Indians are according to Indian custom. Very few comply with the
State laws. The missionaries
are often successful in having their
regular church attendants married legally, and this office insists
upon legal marriages, especially among the returned students. However,
among the old Indians it would be impossible to accomplish anything
along these lines, and until the matter can be handled under a state
or federal law, very little can be done in correcting
this evil.
Tnis office does not issue marriage licenses to Indians but this is
unnecessary as application Torrms are on Iile here and a license from
Gallup, the county seat, can be secureå with very little delay.
There shoulä be a law making legal marriages upon Indian reser
va tions compulsory, with proper punishment in the way of fines or
imprisonment
unless such law is complied with. There should be a
law punishing unlawſui cohabitation. There should be a law extend
ing te jurisdiction
or the county oficials over an Indian reserva
tion so that all laws applicable to any citizen of the county may
apply to the Indians living upon the reservation.
There is no Indian court under this jurisdiction as the oficers
of the pueblo care for all cases that would come under the jurisdic
tion of an Indian court.
There are two missions on the Zuni reservation
( Catholic and
Protestant). The Catholic mission has a priest in charge, with Tive
nuns who work among the Indians and conduct a mission school. The
Protestant mission is under the Christian Reform church, the force
consisting of the following: one missionary in charge oi te school
