SectionIV-INDUSTRIES( Cont'a)21.The Puye cliff dwellings are situated eleven milesfrom Espanola on the Santa Clara Executive Order reservation.This is one of the largest cliff dwellings in the Southwest:while perhaps not as extensive as the Mancos it is equallyinteresting:On the mesa above the cliffs is the ruins ofthe communal house which has been called the first apartmenthouse in America. It has been partially excavated and anestimate has been maintained that same contained two thousandrooms. The road has been considerably improved from Espanolato Puye and the Fred Harvey system, which has recently purchased the La Fonda Hotel and a$ 60,000 garage, has openedup a detour system. They are sending out large busses fromLas Vegas and Albuquerque to Santa Fe daily, and from herebusses are sent daily to Puye. Not having any regulareraployee to station there, I have detailed a policeman whois at present in charge. I have posted the grounds andwalks with the Government signs and instructed the policemanto not permit any vandalism. I feel that it is very important that a regular caretaker should be stationed here:in fact there should be a proper house built for him andmore attention paid to this ruin which is very accessibleand will be visited by thousands of people during the summer.22. There are no Indian fairs held at this agency or inthis vicinity. Instead, the annual fiesta is held in SantaFe, and a similar one at Gallup in addition to a cowboyreunion at Las Vegas. There are also fairs held in SouthernColorado to which many Indians trek,23. In addition to the fairs and fiestas above mentioned,there is an annual fiesta held in each pueblo and to whichmany visiting Indians come from long distances. There isa certain religious significance about these local pueblofiestas which are very ancient.24. Little interference can be taken by the superintendentwith the local fiesta. Since our Pueblos have been madecitizens serious objections have been raised whenever thesuperintendent has attempted to curtail Indians from visiting distant celebrations.25.This has been practically answered in above.26.( a) Many of our Indians find employment locally inour near- by towns, but on the other hand many of them goto Colorado and to Utah to work in the beet fields, herding,and in the mines.( 6) Our Indians need no assistance in findingemployment; in fact it helps to make men of themwhen they have to get out ar. hunt their own jobs.