Page 7
Recommendations:
Have all vacancies on our mursing staff filled with muroes
with a Civil Service status. One of them should have laboratory
and x- ray experience.
Employment of a part- time clork or a murse clork to take
care of the hospital clerical worrit.
Have no one domiciled in the hospital proper. Have the
cook moved outside of the hospital.
Build a sun parlor, ch1ldren's ward and a comissary.
Build an inside entrance to the collar.
Fave the attendants' quarters aivided so as to give them a
ldtehen and a bed room.
Hospital have a pickup truck for freighting and to be used
as an ambulance for transporting patients.
Section IV, Education.
Since the ropi Indiens live in villages the matter of their
education is not as complex as that of the Navajo. Day schools
have been in operation for a number of years, and we now have
six schools of this type. Two of the se schools carry children
through the sixth grade, three through the eighth grade and one
school has the ninth grado work. After the complotion of the
school where a child resides, they go to a non- roservation board
ing school either in Arizona or New Mexico. A large number re
mains at home and their schooling ceases.
A high school is under construction at Oraibi and by using
bussos for transportation we wall in another year be able to
give a full high school cOU BA right at home and no doubt more
children will carry their education farther than at the present
time.
In connection with our schools, we operate community
laundries at each of the schools, We now have thro. community
shops for the use of the community and which are proving of
groat help in repair work, ote. Those buildings were constructed
entirely by donated labor, and the only expenso was for consent,
roofing and equipment. At the present time two community
building are being built from Rehabilitation funds, and the
completion of those buildings is being dono by donated labor.
The Day Schools are all rilled to capacity and carry on
the rogular prescribed program of work. Wo secured a shop
instructor the past year and he outlined and supervised a pro
