5.
B. Welfare and Social Conditions.
( 1) Economio Status.
Sinoe federal funds have been prooured from IECW, PWA and
other sources, the economio status of the Navajo has been
matorially changed. Wages from labor to which many havo
boon unaccustomed, changed his mode of living, caused a cor
tain negloot of the sources from which he formerly had gained
a livelihood, and to a certain extent, placed him on a dir
forent status than ever before, with, in the beginning, too
little thought being given to whether such change was bene
ficial or harmful. It has been found that because of this
wage- paying rug making and silver work has boon noglooted to
such an extent that in many cases the market for those native
arts and crafts could not be supplied. Many of the Indians
abandoned their agricultural activities and in some cases
neglected their stook, but there is no doubt of the benefi
cial results secured from the better handling of the soil,
the development of water, and the many improvements secured
from the funds 80 furnished has been of lasting benefit to
the Indians and to the reservation.
( 2) Family Conditions.
While a casual visitor may look on the hogan with its dis
comforts, generally with one room, as adequate for caring for
the average Navajo family, we cannot expeot to improve family
conditions under such mode of living and wherever possible, it
is most evident that a change must be effected and more com
fortable living conditions secured. A high type of civiliza
tion cannot be reached with a family of many members sleeping,
eating and living in one room, and in this connection atten
tion is called to the forestry report, where, with very little
effort on the part of the Government, materials can be se
cured for providing better quarters, whether hogan or some
other type, which would result in improved conditions for
the Navajo family.
( 3) Lew and Order.
We have under our present setup a most hopeless situation
with reference to keeping law and order on the Navajo juris
diction. Under the new code now in effect for the Navajos
there are great possibilities but until a Police Commis
sioner with organizing ability is placed here we cannot put
this into effect. We have not a sufficient number of judges
and with the police, part of whom are paid from Emergency
Conservation funds, with different pay being given for the
same class of work, with judges in some districts paid but
$ 10.00 per month, and no provisions made for travel expenses
and covering a territory in some cases as large as some of
the smaller states, it is impossible to handle law and order
under such conditions. Recommendation has been made for a
