mio plan, to some degno, develops salf- moet among the Indias,
and al is the desired trat. Por to auding yous 1883, havo hocu
llotted$ 55,000 for food von miek w hope to detalhete through the
India contry la building permanent roads a fu un ou al d.
construction of sid.goo, sad thus and tha. A depeny contemplates
putting in a pipeline and gasolla. pofinary from the Houpal structure to
Baol an the Sata To Railroad, and we are cadeavoring to save the work
in dieeding the Utah between thou to pointe, a distano. of 31 miles,
but a yot this proportion is not fully developed.
The market for labo sans to be a non- entit, ad vo han no in
quirie, fru wywhere-- fron toode who are muling to make contrast
for the purchase of labo at any prier. For the payment of apping foou,
1t is mossary to take rothers and brokan- south wes in pemeat for the
medicine, and it will be difficult to dispose of l of this stoak
by butcherias ad dalimstag to the nakool or other sour- ty nohools,
sual as the chai... Barko Salool and the Albuquerque India School,
thoud sowo progress to do ng made in Uning the di qosition of the
suplus moat which has been delivered u for the dipping.
( D) Welfare and Social Conditions:
( 1) toonado Status
( 8) fully Cond tions.
In the foregoing I have touched somentat upon the economie col
dition, and us on sono chance to pronunt until conditious become
botter on the outside.. Hith so many waployed in the United States,
18 hardly s possible that prosperit can rotun to sootion of
the country will the needy len- ployment and those who produce food
supplla and handiwork on market at laut te u fur price.
Horonas, u I har hero and botari nuntioned, the prospect for 001
siderati. food production som numered at this time. Quite often »
find fuu. tho are wdar- nourished and I need of a botta tariety
of food then they an able to purchaso; u those OS prompt rollo
is dr Thorover found. We a urging trong our chapter organisa
tions for the Indians to produce a unor pode of blanket and to try
and fund u mrtot fa the name on, though at the time to traders
are overloaded with ordinary Wenkote, met the good blankets way
sul for a fair a pod ploo. to post tu to talo Blanco to to
the fat coutes on the su ruan wis full and when for fruit
Talal they sa dry and add to their marga fe the water.
mu Al the advent that has noted the Mana jo country in the
past two year, w fin the shoorne ud oor to do something
woh ni bottu themselves, wd alok is naturally dodred 11 these
people are to adva...
( 3) Law and Onta.
In the past your poveral bulan, pero wut to the poultontiary
for thort of livestoak, though no other serious artimos hen bean
culted in the fulletin, though many potty casos( tantly and
