2ANNUAL REPORT, 1926.NARRATIVEPUEBLO BONITO.LAW AND ORDER.It is. physiola impossibility to make every Indiancomply with the stato law with respect to Marriage anddivorce, tho special attention is given to having returnedstudents- socure 110enso to marry. Xave not been depatisedby State to issue licens. but the Hissionary stationedbere is authorised to take applications for license and ofcourse to perfon marriage ceremonies. In my opinionthere should bb Universal Marriage and Divoroo lawand made applicable to all races in the United States.This agency bas no paid Indian Judges. For Administrativepurposes we urged the Indians to elect head men in theirrespective localities to be our representative and to furtherthe policies of the Indian Office, work for the welfare ofthe Indians in water developement, use their influence inbaping parents place their children in school, improve livestockhealth conditions and endeavor to induce the Indians to keepsober and not buy boose and also to act as Judges of Indianoffenses. Court is usually held the last day of each month.Keen interest is manifested and good results obtained. Thisplan of placing as much responsibility upon the Indians themselves in affairs of aaniistration has proven very satisfactory.The past year has beea a prosperous one to the majorityof the Nava bos of this jurisdiction, with wool 25 to 270 perpound, 10c per pound for lambs, a heavy pinion crop and abundanceof work in lumber camps, road construction. Prosperity isthe cause for more drunkenness, Mexicans and whites peddlebooze on the border of the Indian Country, We have capturedstills and in one case confiscated& Fora car used intransportation or boose but it makes but little impressionon these devils who peddle and manufacture the stuff theydispose of. The Indian who killed Stockman Kimmel, operated& still, he having leared this business from a Mexican.the only case of manufacture now known tom us. State officialsare but little interested in suppressing this illicit traffic.Too many technicalities in Federal Court, little credence givento Indian testimony tnless supported by some white persons.Neod prohibition law with teeth in it, with long terms ofimprisonment, most bootleggers when caught are given a lectureand fine and go back and continue in the business. No Peyoteor Mescal is used by these Indians.Gambling among the Nava hos for a number of years pastbas not been common tho a few cases among Indians in lumbercamps have been reported but the various Companies who employIndians discourage this practice anong them.