pag. 3.ANNUALREPORT.1926.NARRATIVE.PUBBLO BONITO.IJALNE.The general health of both school and agency was abovethe average the past year. Trachome cases received specialattention particular the after treatment in cases operated onin 1925. 1 large number of Indians who live remote from theagency still need attention for trachoma infeotion and thevork continued in outiging distriots should be continued, tho1t is difficult to interest some of the Indians in anoperation and long period of treatment in order to effect&cure of this disease.The Navaho being primarily a stockman must move aboutfor range and water for his stock, he lives much of thetime during the mild waether out of doors, they have theadvantage of fresh air and sunshine. The hogan his winterdomicile is well ventilated and cannot be improved upon forthis feature. The hogan is beehive in shape with openingat top to permit smoke to pass out from the fire in centerof bogan. When built low and flat there may be poorcirculation of air and smoke accumulates in bogan and which886ravets eye trouble. Many Indians now use powder cans,gasoline cans or other constructed pipe over the fire andprojects above the top of hogan, creating a better draft andeliminating the smoke nuisance to a great extent. Infantmortality is great as they are fed anything they will eat,particularly green corn and green melons in season.mentioned under Law and Order more physicians should beprovided as well as field nurses if any marked advancement isto be made along health lines.In case any child developes tuberculosis in any school,we urge the Superintendent in cherge of the school to havethem returned home to the reservation as we have found thattheir chances for recovery is greater than if sent to aganitorium and we can show a greater number of recoveriesthan from those being sent to a Sanitorium. Homesickness orchildren when sick aggravates this disosto# but when homethey are given goat milk, 6888 and fruit and being withfather and mother is no small factor in their recovery. Twochildren in one non reservation school had the flu withdevelopment of tuberculosis were sent home in advancedstage and died in less than two weeks after their return.Parents have been instructed along health lines, incare of children and progress is being made in maternity casescoming to hospital, tho many families are still under theinfluence of the dirty medicine man, who knows nothing ofantiseptics, cleanliness, proper care of mother and babeshere is where more physicians and nurses in the field areneeded in this campaign, with small hospitals at theirdisposal.