- 3-
when nothing can be offered them away from the reserva ti on.
During the past six years considerable advancement has been
made in placing a number of the Indians in an earning capacity
in the making of Zuni silverware. While great stress is laid
upon Navajo arts and crafts, the Zuni silverware has a large
place in the trade of this section. It differs from the Na-
va jo Work and is a distinctive type which is much in demand in
the trade of this region. Six years ago there were as many as
twenty Nava jo silversmiths employed in the Zuni village for
the manufacture of hand made silverware. At the present time
there are forty Zunis who devote their entire time to their
silver work; while forty- five more are actively engaged in this
work when other duties allow it. There are no Na va joes working
upon the Zuni Reservation at the present time. If the spurious
and machine made products which are placed upon the market as
genuine hand made Indian wares could be eliminated our employ
ment problem upon the Zuni Reservation would be in great part
solved.
The Zuni Indians differ from the Nava joes and from most of the
other pueblo Indians in that it is only in special cases that
they will leave the reservation for permanent employment. They
are good workers and are anxious to find employment adjacent to
their homes but will not leave for any length of time as they
are most unhappy away from their home environments. It is,
therefore, necessary to provide some means by which they can
make a living and where employment can be given them upon the
reservation or in its immediate vicinity.
Recommendation has been made for the establishment of a position
of carpenter with a native instructor at the pueblo, with the
idea of opening a furniture factory not only for providing for
the needs of the village but for the ones who may become skilled
in such work and who could make of the native materials with
which our hills and me sas abound, finished articles with a mar
ket value, which would provide an additional means of employment.
This native Workman could give instructions in the native arts
and crafts to those who are gifted along these lines and it is
believed that with this small expenditure our over- abundance of
unemployed Zunis could be placed in occupations where a living
could be assured.
Very little difficulty is experienced here in the keeping of
law and order but this is not by reason of any relief afforded
the Agency superintendent by our laws as it is entirely a matter
