26You added that$ 10thon to cover those teams you mentionedto ash pose of cultivated land without a stination?Each piece of land valued at( 86 per acreC ast i that I mean. You and no WIROrgned between thepions of land valued in this report at$ 35 an aere as toarease in value?loCIan' t it a fact that there have been varying degrees oramounts in inergaand value in these parcels Olassified atro is do to$ 40 an aertA Yos, seen as and some more. What we were arriving at wasa finaar of loss as designated in law a figure that weknew would make a reasonable average, and immammeh as thedata was the primeipel sin to be rolehea, there was nodams done by a 11ttle over- valuation in one instance anda 11ttl under- valuation in another, 1 on the basis adoptedthe average was an agitable one, whehn believed it wasg You believe, then, that some of this land at present valuedat$ 3B An air increasedin value less than vio an aero?I certainly doThe land and in this report at less than$ 35 an agre youbelieve that the report of the Appraisers was correct as tothatA I believe that the report of the App isors was correct asto all of their valuations?QYes. And in' t it tran that the land valued at less than 15an aer by the Appraisers is Oxelusively unaltivated land?That an understand Thore one column which isot so an aere, headed initiated or arid lands." I don' tknow what the Billboanoe ot that word" cultivated" in thatheading is I a sn' t know of any land which is cultivatedwhich is worth as 11ttle as 180 an aero POrhaps BomboaOlse can plain that later.In your$ 10 neouse per aer, bringing the goltivated andup to a value of SSS in aer, you also included the els as? 40 years ago the tehis which Tould have served thatland at that time. That is the improvements there in whichwer than in the land.I think so, a courns to almost impossils to make apiatwur anywhere near approximating accuraa as to what theitual condition was 40 years agoQ In view of that, would it not have beOn better to have takenthe picture as it is today and to have estimated the valApronmats thereA the Board was of the opinion ace deal that told not ortold that done so, but its entirely within the 41sert onof the Board to do as it saw ItI think that is all, Mr. Fraser,R, FRASERCA. To donation from the SS7 claims for which the Board awardedCorporation, the only areas not involved a thor of th.TWO its towns, Santarus and Santa Ana, are they not?"Yos adr.And the total aerson of the deduction there for which theUnited States could not have recovered the land by eBonnieprosecution is a 11tta ovOF 22 aero Is that somet?ht is sor atMr. Nks to BALClaims, in numberMr. Eators had an arrentor of thing"I wi R.Count the.outMD, rammers that is all.Watness around.