of commodities in Eeneral. I have carried an average daily attendance of almost 400 pupils at an approximate cost to SupportFund of 80, 000 dollars, or 200 dollars a head I have not donemuc h with that money that I did not do with the similar amount ofthe previous year. That is, about all the money available wasrequired toactually feed, clothe, and house, either directly orindirectly, the body of pupils and to give them their schooling.I might mention that out of savings this year, I bought a movingpicture machine and a small number of other not absolutely necessary articles, all of which would perhaps amount to a thousanddollars in cost.Our playeground appartus is used to good advantage. Allthat we have is mounted on the playground for girls. There areswings, flying rings, teter boards,slides,etc. I will notsay that there is systematic supervision over all play. There isover Kuch of the play. The boys have group games, track athletic,basketball, baseball, and football The girls have basketballsomegroup games, and some of the simpler forms of track athleticsThe girls have danc ing at theirown assembly room( girls dancing' round" dances with other girls); while once a month boys andgirls have dances or other social anusements at the generalschool assembly room" In your opinion, how long will it be necessary to continuethe Government school under your jurisdiction?" In so far asthe Pueblo Indians, especially those of the Rio Grande region,are concerned, it would not be many years before this schoolmight well be abandoned. The soC alled" day schools"all overthe Rio Grande country should be expanded so as to transformthem into virtual rural schools for the Indians. When that isdone, then the Santa Fe boarding school should be utilized to accommodate a few hundred of the many thousands of Navajo Indianchildren of school age who are not in school. Thus, I dare say,that it will be after my day before this school should be Hlosedas no lonber of any real need to the Government