O
STATU
ROTTSHT90 TMMTAA930
SO ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT
1928
Jicarilla Indian Agenoy
Schools
Section 3
The Jicarilla Apache Indian Reservation is what is known as a
closed reservation. No lands have been sold and no patents in
fee have been issued and the State has not as yet entered into
the field along educational lines. There are a few Mexican
homesteads within the boundary of the reservation but the child
ren of these Mexican people usually attend school away from
home, or during winter months their parents move to some nearby
At the Pound Brothers sawmill, within the boundary of the
reservation, there is a public school maintained by the State
primarily for the attendance of the children of parents who are
employed in or near the mill. No Indian children are near enough
to attend this school.
For a number of years it will be necessary for the government to
continue the education of these Indian children unless some
arrangement can be made with the State whereby they will take
over the education of these Indian children in cooperation with
the Government. Since none of these Indians pay taxes, it would
be an added burden on the State at this time to take over the
schooling of these children without sufficient remuneration from
the Government to pay for conducting the school.
There is a boarding school located at this Agency conducted by
the Dutch Reform Church which had an enrollment during the past
year of 43 Apache children. There is no regular indus trial
government school here but we maintain and operate a sanatorium
school for tubercular children. This sanatorium had an enroll
ment of 82 during the fiscal year. The plant consists of a
two- story main building with dormitories for boys and girls on
the second floor; play rooms, dining room and kitchen, office
and employees' rooms on the first floor.
The school house proper consists of three large school rooms
well lighted and ventilated and an assembly hall large enough
to accommodate pupils and parents.
Since health is given first consideration in this institution,
the academic and industrial work must of necessity be given
second place. Most of the children are small and those who are
large enough are not physically able to do heavy ind us trial
Such academic instruction as the health of the children
will permit is taken care of by two teachers. One of these
teachers is a teacher of Occupational Therapy. The instruction
given will no doubt be interesting and of a decided benefit to
the children when they reach their majority.
