( b) The children and returned students are permittod to vion,and to participate in the various Navajo dances,6.( a and b) During the past it has been the practice of the Indiansto adher, to thoir tribal customs, with roteronco to marriages andand divorous, quito consistently, and, generally speaking, toobsorto the State laws only in special casos when the demand wasinsistont. However, a right- about- face reaction is developingwith reference to this situation since the Chapter organizationshavo boon operating. The Chapter omni cors have boon working withmo very cooperatively in causing marriages to be performed inaccordance with the Stato lars, and I am qui te certain that it willonly be a very short time until the marriage and divorce proceduro,among the Navajo Indians of this jurisdiction, will conform asclosely to the State laws as is done elsewhero among other people.It is impossible for me to express the very wonderful influencewhich is being exertod along all lines of interest affecting theNava jos, through the Chapter organizations. I some times think thatthe Office may feel that my optimian concerning this Chapter movement 18, perhaps, more or less unwarranted, but if sooing and hearing18 believing, I am very certain that the organizations fully standthe test. The results being obtained havt exceeded my fandestexpectations, and the promise of their usefulness in promoting thewelfare of these people is unlimited.( c) I am deputized by the State to issue marriage licenses toIndians, and also have authority to officiate in performing suchceremonies. Ord inarily, this is attended by other officiatingofficers, but it rather frequently occurs that the Navajos ins istthat I officiate.7.The State and Federal laws now in effect quite adequately meetordinary needs so far as this jurisdiction is concerned.8.Owing to the great area and population of this jurisdiction, Ihave found it necessary to form three judicial districts; namely,Chin Lee, Tohatchi, and Fort Defiance. Court convenes in these districtson the 8, 10, and 12 respectively, and is conducted by the two Indian judges,with the assistance of a court clerk and interpreter. At the first of eachmonth the policemen from the different districts report at the court centers,where the officer in charge goes over the complaints that have been madeduring the month, and gives them a list of names of the people to be subpoengedfor the various cases. The policemen notify these people to make their appearance on court day. This procedure facilitates the settlement of courtcases and meets with the satisfaction of the Navajos. Our court personnelordinarily consists of the two Indian judges, and the court clerk who is alsoan interpreter. This group attends the court at Chin Lee, and then proceedsto Tohatchi, and later to Fort Defiance. The usual procedure is as follows:The senior judge calls the house to order; the court clerk reads the docketand calls the cases in accordance therewith; the plaintiff re- states thecomplaint; full testimony is taken on both sides of the case, and the guilt- 5.