0
c. Language • In oral English the children have developed to a fair
dogtoo the ability to tell a story or rolato an experience connectedly.
They har learned to use and spell about 360 words within their lovel.
They have learned to use and understand the synonyms and homonyms occuring
in their lossons. Have studied the use of action words, namo words,
description words, capital lotters at the beginning of a sentence, days of
roak, months, names of people, oto. They ar. able to use periods, quos
tion marks, an, is, are, ras, and were, and have learned something of
plurals found in thoir lorol. The second grados have loarned to writo
and aro able to apy accuratoly materials from the blackboard, book, or
from dictation within their range. They are able to write a short original
paragraph of three or four sentonces and know the form for miting lotters
and addressing en onvolope.
We have studied to some extent the birds, animals, troos, and flowers
of the community; some thing of the earth, its shape and a zo and its people,
and thoir customs. We have memorized poems and studied to some extent
children's authors and the works and lives of a few great artists. We
have loarned something of the lives of our Great Americans and the duties
of a good citiza. Wo hayo gone to quito a great axtont into personal and
general health habits, and have gained many things sich havo broadonod
our exporionces and onlarged our undorstanding and vocabulary from units
carried on in class on homos, animals, food, clothing, farm, seasons,
Thanksgiving, and Christmas. Many activities came under those, such as
actually building a hogan out- of- doors, making clay or vood models of
hones of other people, making furniture for homos, building a barn outside,
making a fence, making models of other farm buildings, making booklots
of seasons, farm animals, farm orops, wild animals, food, knitting
sweators, scarts, maldng and embroidering handkerchiots, work bags, aprons,
towels, and planting farm crops and caring for the in class room.
Third Grado( A Section)
Thore vero 31 pupils in the" A" section. The first half of the year
was spent in reading primors, first and second roaders. Through the
second semester, the pupils did a great deal of reference and research
roading, and road stories from the" Best Stories", a third grado roador.
Our English was based on home experiences. This gave rise to a study
of stato geography, which lead to a study of peoples of other lands, in
cluding a further study of other Indian tribos, Chinose, Japanese, Dutoh,
Araba, Nogros of America and the Swiss. In the study we considered the
location, homos, occupation, food clothing, and means of entertainment.
Prorious to each Holiday season, we discussed their origin and significance.
Arithmetic problems, such as would arise in Navajo homes, were made
and solved by the pupils. Buying and selling of shoop, selling of rugs,
and other hand crafts and buying of foods and clothes. These probloms
involved the processes in addition, subtraction, including borroring,
multiplication and division with 8's, 3's, and 4's.
Third Grade( B Section)-
Thero vero 32 pupils in this section. These pupils, as a group,
laokod interest in school work, and when given intelligenc. tosts showed
that most of them had very low I. Q.
