od for food for ofHere goes to six years at Santa Fe Indian School. I' d like tothank all my former teachers that have motivated andinspiresd me throughout the years. I' d like to give thanks to allmy friends, even those who came and went; your conversationsand smiles meant a lot to me. I hope you remember me for allthe laughs that I sent your way; you know I' m down like that.All my San Juan Nedos: thanks for all the laughs, but foreverything else you guys do, here' s to you! All the love to myfamily, thanks for all the support, the love and the laughs' yougave me; it means the world to me knowing that you' ve got' myback. To that very special somebody thanks for all the love andencouragement you gave me. I Love You! But most of all, to mydaughter Sydney, I love you more than anything in thisworld! “ You only live once, but if you work' it right, once isenough." Joe Lewis – Heather NaranjoTo all my Seniors, hope to see ya around somewhere, have a good lifeand good luck! To my best friends Delane and Dez: thanks for beingthere for me when I needed you, I' ll never forget both of you! And tóAlyssa, you know who you are, thanks for being by my side. I hopethe best for you and I hope you get whatever you want out of life!Love yá always. To all my coaches, thanks for pushing me to striveto be the best, and to Doc, thanks for all the jump school sessions andfor being like a brother to me! To everyone else," lates ” and I' ll see yaaround! I' ll leave ya with this; “ You can' t light another personspath without lightning your own." Anonymous – I' m outBryson Nastacio" Trouble"II all the Natives! Congrats to my fellow classmates! Class of 2003 wemade it! I' d like to thank my family for everything they did/ do forme. I' d like to thank Manus, Alten Puppy, El Mono, Dres, and Charfor all the laughter you brought. II juice I want to say thank you for' all the hugs and what not, remember “ Olive Juice. ” II Ray, Jen andNanny, my roomies, thanks for all the food, laughs and watchingmovies together, it' s been fun. Oh, and I didn' t forget about G. G., Bryand D, Stay up and stay away from my man. II' all the teachers andstaff at SFIS, you are all beautiful and wonderful people. II all theunderclassmen, stay strong, your almost done- be a sponge and try toabsorb it all. Last but not least, to Jor- dane and all' the freshmanIs in Main Dorm, you guys are the greatest, keep on truckin'. Goodluck to everyone, hope to see you around feast time! June Smith oncesaid," Few wishes come true by themselves. ” “ The contrary winds mayblow strong in my face, yet I will go forward and never turn back,and continue to press forward until I have finished, ”- Teedyuscung( Delaware) J. M. P.