3.reservation.Last season's farming operations on the school farm werenot as much of a success as we had hoped they would be. We hadhoped for fifteen or twenty bushels of wheat to the acre andthe yield from about twenty acres was just sixty seven bushelsof very poor stuff. The oat crop was some better but not nearwhat it should have been. The potato crop was a complete failure. We got about two hundred pounds of field beans from tenacres. We out three crops of alfalfa as against four the yearbefore, and the yield was lese per cutting. We had some heyleft over and that is all that pulled us through. The sorghumfrom which we expected one thousand gallons of molasses was cutwith a mower and made into fodd er. The main cause of this condition was that the school varmer did not understand irrigationand thought he knew so much about it that he did not need advice.When a man starts out in life with a farm his father- in- law gevehim and then winds up in the Indian Service, not much should beexpected but failure. This year Mr. Hawkins has given the farmmuch of his personal attentionand we hope for much better results. The potatoespromise a good yield. The sorghum was plantedright and will make more than fodd er. The garden, under one ofour own Indian boys, was and is, in marked contrast with thefarm. It has yielded an abundance of all kinds of vegetable andmelons. After the influenzahit us and the re was no one to lookafter things, three or four tons of tomatoes went to waste and Ihad more than three hund red watermelonsCarted away and fed tothe hogs, after the children went to bed with the disease, justto get them off the lawn.This year we have reset quite a bit of the school orchard.In the way of new crope we have tried an acre of hairy Peruvianalfalfa, set out sweet potatoes and some yame, and have sowedten acres of Soudan grase. All the above is experimentalwork.It will be reportedon next year.This is grasshopperyear here. They have done some damageto gardens and some to young alfalfa. We have poisoned them witha poison formula given out by the AgriculturalDepartment, andthis kept them down so that our damage is minimum,All the produce from all the farms, school, agency, andindividualIndian farms, 18 consumed locally.The money for theIndian comes from the sale of his wool and live stock. He getssquare with the world twice each year-- when he sells his wool in21.