termined their industries. Subsistence farming must need
be associated with other occupations for otherwise it
leaves too much time for idleness. In the dim past with
the Pueblos, hunting, weaving, basketry, pottery, painting,
trade, etc. had their place. Their baskets
Birth of
and pottery were necessitated by the
Crafts
products of their fields and garden, and
their difficulty in obtaining wild game in
number to supply raiment prompted them to
resort to weaving for their clothing and
blankets. Their items of exchange included shells, turquoise,
mineral, paints, buckskins, salt, etc. among themselves and
with visiting Indians from east and west, north and south.
The pueblo crops were corn, beans, squash and cotton. Their
early dress was of buckskin, rabbit fur, and fabrics of cotton,
yucca, and feather.
Always industrious and self- reliant the Pueblos were
willing for the long hours at work on irrigation canals
and laterals, long hours at planting and cultivation of
crops, and long journeys to the hills and mountains for nuts
and firewood, and as well for the deer and wild turkey in
season. Comparing the narrative of Coronado of 1540 and con
ditions of today one would think few changes have been made
in the manners and customs of the pueblos. Then,
" the houses were built in common, women mixing
the mortar and building the walls. Men brought
the firewood and piled it in the plaza in which
were the estufas. The houses were two, three,
four, and five stories high, the second story
setting back from the first, making their roofs
in terraces. The fields were well cultivated,
the harvest of one year often sufficient for
seven years subsistence, and they moved at the
chief' s call, whose orders were announced from
the terraced roofs by public criers."
The field production was probably an exaggeration, though
not without color of truth since they had no livestock and
made no use of the crop, save for family subsistence and
trade. An acre of corn cultivated as they could and maybe
did, might produce 1000 to 5000 pounds, the larger amount
subsistence for a family of five for perhaps two years.
Three to four acres in favorable years could have promised
the seven years subsistence for the average family. Strange
it may seem, too, their seeding, cultivation, and harvesting
8
