ANNUAL REPORT; 1928---- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO
NARRATIVE
Section No. II------ HEALTH
The general health conditions at the schools and agency dur
ing the past year were very good.
A number of improvements were made at the Blackrock Sanatorium
School ani at the Zuni Day School that greatly helped the sanitary
conditions at these plants.
During the past year there was an epidemic of German measles.
This epidemic was of a benign nature, did not spread beyond the
ma in village, ana terminated very satisfactorily.
An intestinal condition, maniresting itself by rather severe dysen
teric stools, is endemic among these people, but is more prevalent
during the summer months. It is thought that this infection is
transmitted by Tlies and the free use of surface water. A deep well
was drilled at Zuni and an excellent water, in a limited amount, is
now available for the use of the Indians, and constant pressure is
being brought to bear upon them to persuade them to clean up the
village and their homes.
The general sanitary conditions of the reservation, especially
in and around the Indians' homes are bad though an improvement has
been noted during the past year, and tuere is a tendency upon the
part of many families to keep their homes in a better condition than
formerly.
The homes have been visited frequently by the reservation health
Officials, anå errorts made to persuade the Indians to clean up.
A general hospital is needed at Zuni. It wili undoubtedly be airfi
cult to persuade a great many adults to accept hospitilization at
first, but it will be possible to carry out treatments in a hospital
that cannot be intelligently carried out otherwise.
The development of a large supply of good water is essential to the
village.
The purchase of a dairy herd and the maintenance of same at Zuni,
with the resulting supply of Iresh milk, would be very beneficial to
tne under nourished children and sick adults.
Trachoma is not very prevalent among the Zuni peoples. Most all the
Indians have been examined for this disease and it has been possible
to keep all positive cases under constant treatment.
There are a great many cases of tuberculosis among the adults and
The cnilären or pre- school age, that at present are difficult to
handle. This is our greatest enemy and a constant educational pro
gram is being waged against this condition by the entire group of
employees, and though the progress made is slov1, it is felt that im
