the rule. The strength of the pueblos rests in their in
comparable passivity. They are crystalized units of long
tenure and happy adaptation to environment, primitive
jewels in the rough, not offering so much for change and
assimilation as for study, polish, and emulation.
Historical record dates with the first exploration of
Coronado in 1540. Missionaries accompanying the early
explorers gave the Pueblos the Spanish language and their
identification with the Catholic church. Difficulty in deal
ing with community governments and people they little under
stood prompted the Spanish Decree of 1620 directing the
annual election in each New Mexico Pueblo, of a governor,
lieutenant- governor, alcalde, fiscales, and
other necessary officers, without interference
Spanish
of state or church, but to be followed by
Decree
confirmation by representative of the crown
1620
and annual presentation of the silver- headed
cane to the governor as insignia of office,
and with it the support and authority such
confirmation assured. The office seeks the man; there is no
electioneering and no emoluments. The several pueblos have
followed the Royal Decree for 300 years and, with few ex
ceptions, over 4000 elections and installations have resulted
and comparatively without change, trouble or dispute, save
that unfortunately the ceremony of confirmation has been dis
continued.
The native priesthood was the controlling factor in
Pueblo government before the Royal Decree and the caciques
are yet strong in council, leaders in the annual selection,
election and installation, and masters of dance and ceremony.
They are chosen from clan selection and
seniority rather than from heredity. Tra
Pueblo
ditionalism compels their quiet life. They
Priesthood
seldom leave the pueblo; they are generally
respected as center of power, direction and
instruction. There is disposition among the
young to deprecate the cacique and the priesthood, yet tra
dition, custom and culture that has come down through the ages
sheltered with the clan. Some may se em dull, greedy, and may
be stupid, but there is limit to the degeneracy or inefficiency
of the cacique as with other leaders in government. He has to
keep his grip on the community mind. He can not go beyond what
the people will stand, either toward darkness or toward the
light. His authority in leadership after all rests on the
persuasion that his activities and administrations are pro
pitious.
