O
Hopi 18.
d. It would be unwise to advise these Indians to pur
chase or try to keep dairy cows.
14. There are other industries such as farming, gardening,
fruit raising, basket and pottery making and blanket and
shawl weaving, freighting, eto., which are continually
increasing in importance among these people and making
them better off.
15. The work of returned students is fine in many cases
and they are fine workers as a usual thing. The Hopis,
especially, make fine employees, both willing to
please and industrious.
16. We have no farmers or industrial teachers among these
Indians. We have but one stockman. This is a sad mistake.
We should have several of these men going among these
Indians, the better sort, encouraging proper fencing,
ranging, corralling, eto.
17. No education is being given these people by farmers
excepting by the one farmer at the Navajo Boarding School.
We have no industrial organization among these Indians.
b. We are too far from the railroad for much agricultural
work, excepting as the Indians needs are concerned.
18.
I suggest that we get some man who is in touch with
the efforts of the Government to get desert plants for
growing in this country; some plants that we can grow
without water, which will be good for the Indians to handle
and which will furnish forage for stook. This would help
make permanent homes among the Navajos and allow for the
grading up of the flocks and herds. These Indians would
grow such crops if they could get the seed and the
barbed wire for fencing. What we want is something that
will grow in this country. W are trying several new plants
this year in a two- acre plot, but with poor success.
19. The trading posts of this reserve take everything
the Indians will have for sale and at good prices. There
is nothing the Indians want to sell they can not sell at
these places. Good prices, somehow, are always maintained.
Our traders are an exceptinally good class of men.
They are always willing to help the Indians and even purchase
seed and stock and give to the Indians at times.
20. No saw mill is operated here. W. have no merchantable
timber on the reserve, but plenty of wood for camp fires.
