Page 6
Improvements Contemplated or Needed:
There are times when we got a case of T. B. which is not
far advanced, or may be on the verge of closing and we would
be able to take care of them; then too, wo get a case occasional
ly which does not want to go to a sanitorium for treatment.
They want to stay near home, and peace of mind is just as im
portant a thereapoutie measure as is the medication. To this
ond, a sun room would be of value. A room equipped with quartz
glass sky lights and side windows would be of great value.
A children's Ward is needed because it is not a good prac
tise to have adults and children in the same ward.
We should have an inside entrance to the cellar; this would
keep the outside door locked at all times except when receiving
supplies and provisions.
Tield:
The field work is being talcon cere of by two doctors and
three numes. All the murees work in the Hopi territory. The
marae at Hotovilla goes out into the Navajo torritory occasion
ally. The nurse at Polacca gos to Pinon once a week when she
has transportation. Pinon is in the Navajo territory. The
field doctor is supposed to go there once a week too, but at
present it is being neglected.
Clinics:
According to local medical history, a clinic is somewhat
a difficult thing to keep going for those reasons: In the
rainy and winter season when the roads are impassable the
places are inexcessable to the doctor, and the people soon love
Interest and fail to give the project thoir mupport. About
five months out of a year traveling is reduced to a minimm.
In out of the way places like Pinon, if a nurse were placed
there permanently I think the people would approota to it.
This year we have established clinics up on top of the
maga at Chimopovy and on the first mosa, and their establish
ment is 11ked by the people. One of the inhabitants of Mishong
novi ants one astablished on top of the nota for them too.
Roaming In The Fospital:
At prosent we have the cook quartered in the hospital. I
bellove provisions should be made to have her quartered sono
place outside of the hospital. This would stop unnecessary
outside trafrice from passing through our kitchen and it would
also give us more space, which we are badly in nood of.
