- SECTION III
Narrative Section
Circular No. 27 66
Report, 1931
ANNUAL STATISTICAL
REPORT
The Mount Pleasant, Michigan, jurisdiction
is, primar
illy, one of school activities. The re, however, is some
agency work to do in connection
with the old Isabella Res
ervation, of which there are still forty tracts, from fi ve
to forty acres each, held in trust for the original al
10tees, or he i rs of the original allotees.
The Indians of the Isabella Reservation
are the Sag
inaw, Swan Creek, and Black River bands of Chippewas. These
people at one time were settled around Saginaw Bay in
Michigan, but in the year 1864, in a treaty with the United
States, they relinquished
all their rights in that section
of Michigan and were given five townships as a reservation
in Isabella County. This was then given the name of Isa
bella Reservation
. The allotments
were mostly made during
the period from 1870 to 1880.. The land lies level and
varies from light sand to heavy clay, on the whole being
quite good farming land. The land, originally
, was covered
with heavy timbers.
The Mount Pleasant Boarding School received its first
appropriation
from the Congress of the United States in
1892. Buildings were started in that year and school
opened in the city of Mount Pleasant in the second story
of a store building where it continued
until March, 1893,
when it was moved out to the newly completed ma in building
on the grounds where the school plant is now located. School
opened with thirteen pupils and seven employees. At the
time of moving into the new building one hundred and twenty
five pupils were enrolled. The present cap a city of the school
is three hundred and seventy- five, with forty- three employees
for the past year and a force of forty- seven beginning
July 1, 1931. The pupils are practically
all Michigan chil
dren. The tribes represented
in Michigan are the Chippewas,
Ottawas, and Pottawatamis
. The numbers in school are in the
order given. The boys and girls are about equally divided
in number.
The health of the pupils during the last year was very
good and there were no epidemics of any kind. During the
last year a new home economics teacher was added to the
staff and the fifth grade was placed in school all day. The
Home Economics Department
, especially
the sewing class room,
was crowded for room. This has now been remedied by the
erection of a new building, modern and equipped in every
way. All home economics
de partments
are now under one roof.
New furniture, including
beds, matresses, dressers,
