1
1
1
( 8)
So far as the 2,000 to 2,500 Navajo Indians of the Moqui jurisdic
tion are concerned, they hold to their old tribal customs in all
respects, including marriage and divorce. During the past seven
years relatively few injustices growing out of marriage or divorce
among Navajo have been corrected by the superintendent and his
Indian Court--- for the reason that the Indian Police, always subject
to their fears and graft, do not report anything of this nature,
just as it is impossible to get them to report" vital statistics,
and the Navajo generally wishes no action taken that would likely
be counter to his customs. As it has been plainly demonstrated,
despite the optimism of certain superintendents, that the Navajo
are daily procuring liquor, that they gamble quite as much as at
any previous time( and support their losses by theft), only the
optimism of a bonehead can disillusion himself of the belief that
their child and plural marriages continue too.
It is scarcely fair to criticize the Navajo severely in this
last regard. Why should he humbly comply with all the queer
quirks of white man's law, concerning liquor, gambling, medicine
sings, quackery, marriage and divorce, when no white man has
forcefully brought to his attention during the present generation
at least that White Man's Law means anything-- that it has any
strength or backbone, that there is anything behind it other than
windy words and the solemn puffing of unasked for advices?
The Navajo is similar to other human beings. Not being aware of
punishment, the easiest and most to be desired way would seem to
him the best way.
And too, insofar as the Moqui jurisdiction is concerned, not
above thirty Navajos have had the benefits of education. There
are at a moderate estimate not less than 450 to 600 Navajo children
of school age among these people, no facilities provided for them,
and therefore the current local belief among their parents that
such children are relieved from the necessity of attending school.
The Navajo will not send his children to non- reservation schools.
Until the Government carries out its treaty promise made in 1868,
with respect to the education of the Navajo, it can have no just
basis for criticism.
As for the marriage and divorce arrangements among the Hopi,
these are very simple. Until caught we will do as we please.
The policy established by the superintendent several years ago,
in an endeavor to protect girls of school age, that no female
pupil may be withdrawn from a school that she may be married,
and that all those who have enjoyed the benefits of education
must be married in strict accordance with State Law, has had some
little result. Among the old and uneducated Hopi however, it
would take fifteen Philadelphia lawyers and half a dozen Federal
Judges to begin untangling their marital relations. And then
they would not have accomplished much, since nothing affects the
Hopi mind toward change other than grim, relentless, ever- following
