1
1
7
( 10)
to Winslow) is settled, the Agency business and the best interests
of the Hopi Indians will continue to suffer. If the mail service
is continued over this impracticable route, it is likely that at some
future time a telephone line will be fixed thereto, thus permanently
binding the reservation to this route in all its activities. Ana
a blunder will have been committed for the benefit of a few merchants
who do not give a hoot whether or not the Indians have service so
long as flour and axlegrease are sold to Indian traders of the
reservation through the Holbrook agencies.
As it would appear that this will be the last Annual Report
for the Moqui Indian Reservation prepared by the present super in
tendent, it is thought proper to state that too much consideration
has been shown these railroad merchants. Certain of these trade
combinations have sought for years to control the traders of the
reservation, and all of them are more or less interested in evading,
by one means or another, the regulations made to govern the Indian
trading business.. I am most happy to state that recently these
efforts and methods have proven rather expensive for the merchants;
and I do not see what they have to do with a ma il service created
especially for the bus iness interests of the Government and the
Indians on the reservation, or what business of theirs it is to
urge& freight receiving point for the stores of the Moqui Agency.
It is a pleasure to report that since the State of New Mexico
succeeded in rida ing itself of the licensed booze evil, there has been
less and less trouble with Navajo Indians of the Moqui jurisdiction---
insofar as liquor drinking is concerned. Apparently the Indians are
too lazy or ignorant to make the stuff, as do their first- cousins
the Apaches, and it is entirely too far to the next white mans station.
No peyote or other form of drug- habit has been observed here.
The Hopi Indians do not use liquor, and did not when they could get it.
If the present" dry" Navajo condition continues, it will only be
necessary to impress of these Indians a respect for other laws and
regulations. Their constant depredations in the Hopi districts
should be properly punished. It is the experience that outside
the reservation officialdom may not be expected to evidence great
interest in the seemingly pitiful complaints of the Hopi Indians.
Measured by outside interests, these pleas are pitiful. Measured
by the need of the Hopi for justice and protection and the right to
live, and expand on his own reservation, another light is shed on
the problem. The present superintendent has done everything in
his power to aid the Hopi people in their desire to remove from
the hopeless stretches of desert surrounding their pueblos, and to
control the insolent Navajo who has been permitted to bar the way.
There is considerable evidence that the Hopi are not unappreciative
of his efforts, and that they are somewhat puzzled concerning his
lack of success, since they know( as do the Nava jo residing on the
Moqui Reserve) that since 1900 the Moqui Superintendents have been
appointed to advise and control each of them.
