( 2)Schools( conti med)Hopi Indian Agencynot what it should be. They don't seem to be strong enough to resist thestrong temptations and degrading influences of reservation life. Too many ofthe boys return home unfit to take up a special line of work at which theymight make a living. It seems too many of them get& smattering of this orthat trade but not enough of one trade at which they might become efficientenough to earn good wages. Owing to the fact that there is each year less workfor retumed students on the reservation, the need for vocational and industrialtraining for these boys and girls which will fit them to earn a good living offthe reservation, is more urgent and necessary.We have no mission or contract schools on this reservation.The morality of these Indians is questi onable and their progress on accountof this is very slow on account of the fact that the superintendent has no legalauthority to enforce better moral and home conditions, I am glad to say thatthe day schools among the Hopis and boarding school among the Nava jos are contimal influences for better conditions.We have combed the reservation very carefully and all the Hopi children,excepting those who are ineligible, are in school either on or off the reservation.Practically all of the Navajo children are in school. A few have to be excusedeach year on account of native industries of these Indians.( b) We have very few incorrigible pupils. We have not had one herein the past three years.( c) The condition of returned students from outside schools are in aa great many cases pitiful. The majority of them return to the reserva ti onΘXpecting work or to earn a livlihood with practically nothing to do toward thatend after they come here. Very few of them can get work on the reservation. Wehave established a system of attempting to get work for these boys and girlsbefore they arrive on this reservation. We have canvassed the nearby towns onthe railroad and har e socured work for very many of these returned students,especially the girls in good homes where they get good wages. This work is doneby the field matrons of the reservation. We have also sent away a great manyadults in an effort to get them located in agricultural communities, either inCalifornia or Arizona. We have had considerable success along this line.We have had no graduates of pupils from these schools. We consistently andcarefully follow the course of study for Indian Schools. The school room equipment of the boarding school is first class. We are trying to get the sameresults at our day schools as fast as we have the money to do so.( b) The adaptability of the books on the authorized list for usein our schools is all right.