LAST WORDSClass of 2011, we are finally done!!! I' ve been here for 6 long years and I' m ecstatic to say that I amthrough. These past few years have definitely tested my patience and abilities to go on, but without adoubt, they have built up my strength. Even though I had a dozen disagreements with SFIS, I' m glad Iam not broken. First, I want to thank my family here at SFIS: Angel( Pockets), John( Sugarbear), andLena( Fantasy) for having my back every single year. I am glad to have you guys in my life; you havemade school so much easier for me. Thanks for all the insanity and compassion. Ash, my soul sister,thank you for helping me keep my sanity. Everybody else with whom I ever talked, you guys are the best,especially if you made me laugh! To my parents, Bill and Dottie, you are the most amazing parentsanybody could ask for. I love you. To my brother Damian, thank you from the bottom of my heart forbeing there and taking all my teenage girl randomness. To Curt, I love you, thanks for sticking with methrough everything. Lastly, thank you to the staff and teachers who were chill with me and gave me food.Hartmann( Womyn), my sister, thanks for believing in me. Everyone has had a major impact in my life;thanks for making it that much more special to me... Again, we made it!! Don' t doubt it, 2011, WeLasted!!“ Life rolls on; it' s passing by your eyes real fast. Another 24, another day is passed. Half of those saidwe' d never last. ”DaphneCorizFinally, it' s my time to graduate! So many thank you' s I' d like to give out. Mom, know you' re the reasonfor my success. I love you. Thank you! Stina, behave when me, and Keesh are gone! Keep your head inthe books! It' ll go by fast, trust me! Love You! LaKeshia, STAY FRESH! Ha ha! Thanks for being agreat friend, and thanks for all the laughs and memories! I' ve only known you for awhile, but we' ve beenthrough a lot. Good luck in whatever you decide to do in the future! Know I' m always here! Love You!Coach Roybal, no other coach I' d rather play for my high school career. Thanks for everything! Varsity!Never a dull day with you guys. I' m going to miss our court time jokes! Ha- ha. Thanks for making mylast season one of the bests! Keep working hard! On and off the court! Alex, know you' re the reason formy smile! Spending our last year here has been the greatest! My moment for life, love you 100x2! Classof 2011! We' re finally out! Good luck with whatever the future may bring you! So this is me, JenineShenise Coriz signing off. Stay FRESH State Champs Keshia and Stina! Love ya' ll! Fab 3.E SFISALJenineCorizIt' s finally arrived SENIORS! Many of us have been here since 7th grade. I remember howimmature all of us used to be; passing notes back and forth in class, having notebooks withyour best friends, crying over little things. We' ve all come a long way. When May 27th comes,that' ll be the last time most of us see each other, and that makes me very sad. I' m just sothankful that I have had so much laughter in my life because of the people I met here. I want tosay thank you to my friends and teachers who were always there for me. I would especially liketo thank the people who made the most impact; my mom, step dad, grandma, Jude, the rest ofmy family and Setha! I love you all. You guys stayed by my side when I needed you the most!All of you were there to support me in academics, athletics, and my everyday life! You havedone so much for me, and when graduation comes, know that you helped me get there. Wellseniors, now it' s time to close our high school chapter and say hello to the real world! GoodLuck!MMelodieCruz