- 3-andme17imenca.treatmuchtometanouritestThe dispensary, consisting of one consulting roomand treating room and one drug room, is obviously an extremely important branch of the hospital equipment. Herethe children can come with the most insignificant ailmentor injury and be treated at once, and this early treatmenthas undoubtedly saved much troubla. The children are instructed not to hesitate to come to the dispensary at once,though preferably at the appointed hours,- that for boys andthat for girls,- for relief of the slightest indispositionor in jury. This has caused the dispensary to be rather abusy place for a good part of the day. Including trachomatous cases, the average daily attendance has been abouttwenty- five persons. The equipment of the dispensary is notquite up to the standard; many things could be added, butimprovements are to be made as funds permit. The additionof an operating table has time again proven its worth.The equipment of the hospital is good, but thearrangements for isolating contagious and infectious caseson the girls' side of the house are rather awkward. Thereis only one entrance to the ward shere. such cases are usuallydsolated, and to gain this entrance one must go throughthe entire section occupied by the girls, and, of course, mustleave in the same manner. It is evident that such is notthe best arrangement.tenisentrancegirls,netsuchThe sleeping porches in connection with the hospital,also that of the small boys building, for appropriate casesneeding plenty of fresh air, ia are invaluable, and resultshave been proportionate. The porches were indeed greatlyneeded during the past year, considering the number of convalescents we had on hend.The school physician would like to emphasize once morethe great importance of keeping constant watch on the dailyhealth of those pupils who have been attacked by the epidemicdisease of last year, of whom there will be quite a numberthis year, as the Indians in the surrounding country sufferedgreatly from this disease and the new pupils will be recruitedfrom among them. Medical authorities agree that the aftereffects of Influenza, whooping- cough and measles, especiallyin children, are most insidious, and that through thesediseases many a case of tuberculosis is given a favor ableopportunity for a start upon its course, however inactiveit may seem at the start.The aim has been at all times to keep the schoolhospital at its maximum degree of usefulness; to give the