- 3-
of death is hard to ascertain, perhaps because they do not know.
When I ask them if the baby was born dead they invariably an
swer in the affirmative, which indicates to me that some diffi
culty was encountered, either a prolonged or unaided delivery,
strangulation, or hemorrhage. Many mothers die from puerperal
sepsis, or what is commonly called" infection after birth."
This is caused by uncleanliness at the time of delivery.
Among the Zunis there are to be found several cases of
venereal disease. Many are old cases which have become chronic
but which still are dangerous and infectious. There are sever
al old cases of syphilis some of which have had some treatment
but none have had enough to effect a cure. This same can be
said of gonorrhea. Several babies are born syphilitic. This is
the cause of many miscarriages, or abortions. The Zunis, I find
are ashamed of a venereal disease and are reluctant to tell me of
their troubles. There are others who care little to be cured
and are not faithful in their coming for treatments. Many times
I have to go to their homes and fetch them to the dispensary for
treatment. As a remedial measure for this condition I suggest
that the medical officer be given power and authority to compel
all carriers and possessors of a venereal disease to be treated
much in the same manner as is required by municipal boa rds of
health.
The infectious diseases such as measles, mumps, scarlet
fever, smallpox, and the like run at large in the pueblo. No
quaran tine measures have been applied or enforced in the past.
This condition could be corrected by giving the medical director
power.
There are several other minor problems of hygienic and sani
tary na ture which also could be bettered.
There is in the heart of the village a common burial ground
which measures approximately fifty by one hundred feet in to
which all dead Zunis since 1640 have been buried. One scarcely
can imagine how this has been posible. For hygienic reasons
this practice should be abandoned. A new burial plot should be
designated for them for future use at the outskirts of the vil
lage.
By way of summary I wish to add:
1. That the Zunis be given a better chance for health, happi
ness, and progress by building for them a modern general hospi
