11- Hopito sell there is always good market for, either at nearby towns orat the trading posts on the reservation. Marketing conditions aregetting better all the time because of the fact that these Indiansare byuing trucks and can get to the railroad easily and with littletrouble. They sell considerable fruit at nearby towns.They always save their best seed for the planting season. The Hopis have a special way of treating their own seeds,especially corn. They keep this method a secret. Their seed isalways productive.We have no green house or nursery or experimental plotsof any kind. With farmers we might have.We have no allotted land on the reservation. Everyyear we see more Indians taking up unallotted lands suitable foragricultural plots, fencing them, and increasing agricultural areas.Very few of these Indians do not make an effort to become selfsupporting. This year we have seen a big improvement in the numberof Indians assuming larger responsibility in agricultural activities,and in fencing their fields. We bought one car load of barbed wirefor such fencing this year, We need several more carloads.Our program includes the encouraging of these Indians touse agricultural implements, and we have succeeded in getting andissuing a number of cultivators, harrows, plows, etc., among theIndians, and these iraplements are being used to get better results.The Indians appreciate this help and borrow and loan all suchimplements.These Indians take care of their equipment, and theyare getting more each year through reimbursable funds.Each yearmore Indians purchase their own crop equipment. They are makingproper use of their live stock and supplies purchased from thesereimbursable funds. The reimbursable funds used here so far havecovered only the purchase of barbed wire, bucks, bulls, and wagons.These have been of great benefit to the Indians.These Indians are not provided with suitable workteams, but we are getting them to discard their ponies and topurchase or raise mules, which are better adapted to their use.A few of the Indians have good freighting teams. Since trucks arepurchased we see fewer teams at work. They are still waiting forthe Government to furnish them stallions and jacks. We have ashortage of horses and hope the Office can give us some facks andstallions this coming year,