ANNUAL REPORT 1926
CARSON INDIAN AGENCY.
SECTION IV
INDUSTRIES
The territory embraced under the jurisdiction of this
agency is so large and so di versified, with conditions so
different from those obtaining on the average reservation, that
any of the interrogatories are inapplicable.
PYRAMID IIAKE RESERVATION
This reservation has a population of 535 Indians. Most
of their live along the mouth of the Truckee River near Pyramid
Lake, where they have srall houses and farris, and make confortable
living s.
In all they have only about 800 acres under irrigation,
and on this land they produce considerable alfalfa hey, grain,
potatoes and garden stuif. They sold about$ 4000 vorth of hay
last year to neighboring cattle men. After harvesting their own
crop of hay, some of the Indians leave the reservation to work
in the harvest fields of neighboring ranches.
This year has been an excedingly dry season, and the
grain and potato crops have been almost total failures. A
Special effort had been rede during the winter and spring to
get the Indians to plant considerable grain and potatoes and
they entered upon the plan very enthusiastically, in the hope
that they would have quite a crop of potatoes for sale in the
fall, in addition to raising all they would need for therus elles
during the winter. Unfortunately the dry season with its
consequent shortage of irrigation water upset their plans and
hopes. Some of the Indians will have enough potatoes for their
Own use and will have considerable alfalfa hay for sale.
The reservation consists of 322, 000 acres, about three
fourths of this area being ermbraced in the lake. Of this there
are bout 3130 acres of bottom land near the river where the
Indians have their present farms which can be improved and
irrigeted. As stated above, only about 300 acres of this is at
present under irrigation.
Accoräing to the temporary Federal Court decree there
should be sufficient water allowed to flow down the Truckee River
to irrigate as much land as the Indians put in cultivation up
to 3150 acres, or 64/, 00 of 1/ 40 of 1 cubic foot of water per
second for the number of acres under irrigation. I am informed
by the irrigation supervisor for the Pyrariid Laice Indian Reservation
that not less than 15 second feet of water has been flowing in
the Indian ditch all surrer. This is the right amount according to
the decree.
