equipped with the most necessary items of equipment.
The reimbursable livestock and equipment that has
been purchased for the Indians is being well taken
care of and is greatly appreciated by the purchasers.
Many Indians have obtained equipment and livestock
through the benefits of the reimbursable fund who
otherwise would have been unable to obtain same. The
Indians are not suitably equipped with work teams and
this is a matter which will receive attention in the very
near future. They howe ver, are able to accomplish what
might be termed miracles with the small ponies they own
and until such time as their needs in equipment can be
supplied it is deemed advisable to provide such equipment
before the matter of work horses is taken up. It is
believed that the reservation should be fenced, this,
however, cannot be accomplished until such time as the
Indian land can be placed in a solid block. A number of
plans are in mind for the construction and reair of
various reservation roads, these plans to be carried out
as rapidly as funds permit. The Indians are required to
do a certain amount of road work each year without
compensation. This requirement meets with the general
approval of the Indians and they are always willing to
donate labor because they realize the benefits which they
themselves derive from the construction and repair of the
roads. It has been stated before that one of the greatest
needs of the Indians of this reservation is the development
of water. A considerable amount of work has been done along
this line during the year, but it is hoped that much more
can be accomplished during the coming year. There are
many springs which can be developed and at parts of the
reservation it is hoped that wells may be drilled and
windmills installed. Only a few allotments have been made
on this reservation and on these allotments practically no
improvements are found. This condition is due to the manner
in which the Indians must necessarily live, it being im
possible for them to establish permanent homes because of
the necessity of their moving from one part of the
reservation to another to obtain sufficient grass or water
for their sheep. No allotments are leased on this
reservation.
It is our aim at this time to encourage the Indians
to decrease their flocks on account of the over grazed
condition of the range. The tribal herd has been built
up and improved to such an extent that we hope to be able
to provide a number of the Indians with a few ewes within
the next two or three years. Considerable time is required
to improve the quality of the sheep since it is necessary
to increase the wool clip without detracting from the
handiness and thrift of the Nava jo sheep This matter is
- 2.
