Seniors
George Nuno Jicarrila Apache
Cory Owen
Santo Domingo
If you have been here as long as I have you would know that we are
finally leaving this prison 2009. All my buddies have to keep in touch,
even if you' re Navajo( Norma). Good Luck with the life ahead of us
seniors, especially to garret and Glen. The friends I have now, we
have to get together and party or have fun over the summer. See you
later buddies and good bye prison.
Can
Hmm
being
educat
Kamb
studen
thank
themy
kids w
Ray, a
that I
Alyssa
were a
fun as
from b
you fo
best of
may be
Angela Pacheco Santo Domingo Pueblo
Dang! It went by fast! I can' t believe I spent six years of my life at this
school. I would like to thank my mom for 18 long years of support and love. I
appreciate all that you' ve done for me. I love you Mom! To my dad thank
you for all the encouragement and humor. Lots of luv! I also like to thank my
bro and my sis for all the good times and laughs. To my little bro, Avram
good luck in high school. Luv you kid! Amberly, thanks for looking out for
me! Luvs you!=) To my BFFs Lanaeda, Tashina, and George, thanks for
always being there for me. Without you highschool would have been a drag
lol! Keep smiling=) Thanks to all my teachers and mentors over the years,
especially Susie. I' ll make you proud! Laters to the rest of my peoples- N
my honeys, Kris, Age, Red, Hill, Aaron, Ant, Nisha, Trish, Olive, Travis,
Clovis, Grace, Dez, and everyone else i love you guys! Keep in touch. And to
the class of 2009 Good Luck out there! Miss you much! He- nah Laters!!!!!!
Davina Padilla San Felipe Pueblo
OMG! 5 years& Graduation is finally here! First off I would like to send a
big thank you to the most important people in my life who are my mom and
dad for all their love, support and encouraging me to pursue my dreams,
seriously without you two I wouldn' t know what to do. I love you both very
much! Two my oldest bro' s Emery and Chris, and can' t 4get my" little big
bro" Kasey take my advice DON' T YOU DARE EVER GIVE UP! your
almost there, but thank you to all you three for all that you' ve done for these
past couple of years and for always being there for your one and only sis. Luv
Ya:) Next, to my two cuzins/ frens Jay what can I say... one more year then
you' re out to join me out in the world and please behave remember my
LEASH haha! To my pooh Bear wish I could pull you along with me
everywhere I go:) thanks gurl for always being there for me, your piglet. To
Rose, Nat, Sam G., Brad and to all the others who I' ve met along the way,
thank you for making each and every day the best
days of my life. Lastly to my Gorgeous Best Friend for idk how many years, Gina a special thanks to you for always being there for me whenever I needed you
through the good tyms and bad, I will always remember our fun time and memories" that we had wink! wink! I will always be here for ya no matter what sniff,
sniff, Luv Ya! With that CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CLASS OF 2009!!!!!!!! WE DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!
26
