1930.
NARRATI VE SECTION
INDUSTRIES,
Contid.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.
at nearly every meeting of the Stock Organizations urging that the
Indians receive no more land. The State Legislature emphasizes the
situation and memorializes Congress to stop giving aid to the Ind
ians in this respect. Further, there are several thousand entitled
to allotments in New Mexico. Provisions are made for funds to carry
out the work of allotment, but is permitted to be specified that none
of this money is to be used for allotment work among the Indians of
Arizona and New Mexico.
The Indians in every case select seed corn from the best that
they grow and it is doubtful if there is any variety better adapted
for desert planting than the Indian Calico Corn.
Dry farming results vary according to season. Many did not
plant anything this year as there was practically no moisture at
the planting season. Beans, squash, corn and melons are the main
crops.
Each year there are more and better homes constructed, and this
feature should be put forward thru the thirteen chapters now organ
ized among the Indians, tho this year their efforts were confined to
the construction of dipping plants, road building, bridges, digging
of more wells and spring development. Some use is being made from
Reimbursable funds for livestock only, sheep and goats, and payments
are usually in arrears and collections have been below former years
on account of the bad season, and the necessity to purchase feed and
subsistence for themselves and stock and to be paid for from reduced
revenue from the herds. Blanket weaving is at a standstill, and
some of the large wholesale houses have for a time stopped buying as
the demand for them has slackened, due to the high prices asked by
the Indians and traders for them.
The Indians use their allotments to the fullest extent for
grazing purposes and there is not any open range which they occupy
or use in reserve.
Every year there is a greater number of returned students, and
we are entirely unable to provide employment to all who want work
and there are not enough jobs near the Indian Country to supply them.
Therefore, an Employment Bure au should be established near here that
the matter of finding employment for the returned students, both
young men and women, be solved. This would be the medium between
Capital and Labor and would fill a long felt want. Some people
think and express themselves that the education of the Ināian girls
and placing them in homes are the means of solving the domestic sit
uation, but I hardly agree that it is the purpose of Indian education
to educate with the idea of solving the white peoples' difficulties
in this respect.
