Seniors
Kristina Martinez
Laguna
I would like to say thank you to my parents& My grandma for
helping me through the bad times, making me smile, my sister
for always telling me to do good in school. I love you guys. To
my grandpa and uncle who' ll I' ll miss and never forget. To my
friends here at SFIS. Abby, Shay, Julian, Karina, Jeremy,
Scott, Tiffany, Mar, Melacia, Erin, Cedar Rose, Joey, Tyler,
Thank you guys for the laughs and wonderful times I' ve
enjoyed with you all. For the juniors, good luck don' t give up!
Keep your heads up and Have a great year being Seniors! We
did it SENIOR CLASS OF 2009!!
Scott Martinez Laguna
Natalie Montano
San Felipe Pueblo
Wow I' m finally getting out of here. Honestly I thought it would
never end, but weirdly I don' t want to leave. I' m going to miss all the
friends I made here during my five years. I would like to thank my
mother, for putting up with me and my “ 5 more minutes ”. I would
also like to thank my brother and sister for looking out for me, I love
you guys. To my friend Rosie who' s stuck by me through the many
obstacles we' ve endured, luv you Rosie! To norm, Cory, Glenn,
Lawrence, veronica( noodle burner), Kirsten, ray, Joe, Dom,
Christian and any others I may have forgot for all the fun times. And
to all the teachers that put up with my “ monkey business ”. Trishelle
thank you for making me laugh every weekend I love you so much
and congratulations swetheart, you' re going to the rig school now!!
And last but not least to Mr. Moon, I love you!
Ivana Montoya
Jicarilla Apache
Ke
Jan
Chi
Ma
First I want to thank my family for always encouraging me to
get my education and to do well in school. Because without
their support I wouldn' t be here getting ready to get my
diploma. I also want to thank my cousin/ sister for always being
the one I could talk to whenever I had a problem with anything
and for just being the person I could go to, Love you! But I
couldn' t have made it through high school without my friends.
I' ll miss all the memories that we created and all the times we
spent laughing about nothing. I' MA MISS YOU GUYS!!! TO
THE CLASS OF 2009, WE FINALLY MADE IT!! GOOD
LUCK TO YOU GUYS IN COLLEGE OR WHATEVER
YOU' RE GONNA DO!!& HAVE FUN!!!!!!
fan
the
24
