ANNUAL REPORT, 1927.- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO.
NARRATIVE.
Section No. III.---- SCHOOLS.
On the Zuni Reservation
there is a public school in which
the children
of the Indian Traders
and the white residents
of
Zuni place their children
and none of the Indians
attend school
here. Even if the Indians should
desire to attend there is not
sufficient
room for them and as there are plenty of school faci
11ties for the Indians, there is no need for them to be placed
in the public schools.
There are more than enough school facilities
at Zuni to care
for all Indian pupils. The Protestant
Mission has facilities
for 105 pupils; the Catholic Mission, for 150; the Day School
for 150, while the Sanatarium
School and Hospital wili care for
80 children. As there are but approximately
400 pupils on the
reservation
, after the quota for the non- reservation
schools is
furnished, it will be noted that we have more school facilities
than we have pupils for filling the schools.
A considerable
building program has been inaugurated
the
past year in making of the Boarding School into a Sanatarium
School. In making the change of the dormitory into a building
suitable for the care of the number that will be housed there
under the arrangement
for a Sanatarium
School, it was necessary
to tear out the partitions
in the dining room and throw the two
recitation
rooms into this enlarged room. This left two recita
tion rooms in the dormitory
and no suitable place for the sewing
department
. These recitation
rooms are very much needed for
play rooms for the boys and girls. Their play rooms, at present,
are in the basement and they are dark and unsanitary
and should
not be used, especially
for under- nourished
and undeveloped
children as will be placed here the coming school term. A new
building should be constructed, consisting
of two recitation
rooms, an assembly room and a room suitable for the sewing de
partment. This will be made the subject of a separate communi
cation. For employees' quarters, two small cottages are needed
in order to house the employees now on our salary list and the
additional
ones that wili be required in the work of conducting
the school under the new arrangement
.
Recommendations
have been made for certain assistants
,
Indians, who will be needed for the additional work under the new
conditions as the pupils, who will be in the school the coming
year, cannot be expected to perform manual labor and all work
need be done by employees. The recommendations
made were for
assistants as follows. Asssstant for dairyman- farmer, assistant
engineer, assistant or cook in the hospital, assistant laundress,
assistant school cook and assistant seamstress. In addition to
the above, a position of engineer should be established at the
Day School. A deep well is being driven at the Day School for
supplying water, not only for the Day School, but for the Indians
of the Pueblo as well.
- l-
