quite a large number have been able to secure employmenton highwayconstructionand in the adjacent farming communities. In normaltimes there is a good demand for the services of Navajo laborers.B. Wolfare and Social Conditions.During the past season the prices received by the Nava josfor the wool, lambs, agricultural products, blankets and other produotshave boon exceedingly low. This naturally has affected their buyingpower end many of them are very hard up; but most of the Nava jos arein a position to get through the winter without suffering because theyhave their meat supply and sufficient corn and other products to subsist. This does not mean that they are able to provide themselveswith a balanced ration.There is quite a large number of helpless old peopleand children who are not able to provide for themselves. It will benecessary during the next few months to help these people with food.There is a much larger number who on account of their lack of cashor credit are in dire need of warm clothing. Some has already beensupplied to the most needy and additional clothing supplies asked forfrom surplus army clothing is now arriving and is being distributed tothe rest of the reservation Indians.Under ordinary circumstances theNorthern Navajo Indians are wholly self- supporting.The condition within the Navajo family is fairly satisfactory. The mother is usually considered the head of the family andshe has control of the property. Infant mortality among the Nava josis reasonably low compared with some of the other tribes. Many motherswho are not able to purse their babies use goat's milk, on which thechild seems to thrive. The number of babies born in the general hospital during the past six months indicates a long step in progress inthis tribe.One of the most serious conditions connected with thefamily and perhaps the hardest to cope with is their attitude towardthe institution of marriage. Many consider marriage either by law ortribal custom as entirely unnecessary. Much stress has been placedon the necessity for legal marriage in conferences with the Indians.The missionnaries have cooperated in this direction. Eighteenlegal marriages have been effected during the past six months.The law and order problems on the reservation are notordinarily difficult. Most are of a petty nature and are readilyhandled by the Indian Court comprising two judges, the chief ofpolice and the superintendent. The officers of the chapter organizationshave been of material assistance in promoting law and order on thereservation. They have been instrumental in settling many quarrelsand minor differences without submitting them to the Indian Court.Fifteen chapters have been organized on the reservation up to thepresent time.