99
a doubt but what it em be filled so flowing
and they have apresen4 a 114nmo.. to
in their power to apolot mo an motor.. 8o.
I most earnestly ask you to give the met
your careful consideration, This sobodl oan
be increased, and it will be inervased to meet
your full expectations if Congross gives us sh.
assistance that the school desores, and i. un
stinted in its lioerality to us. I rempootfully
ask that a sum not less than$ 86000.00 bo appro
priated for this building. It will give us a build
ing that we may be proud of and one that will be
a credit to the service.
Hearing,
There is no possible reason why this school
should not be heated with steam, and a plant for
that purpose can be established here at a most
reasonable price. It would greatly add to the
health, comfort and convenience of every one her.,
and be one of the main factors in bringing this
school up to the standard desired. I most respecte
fully request that a sum not less than$ 8700.00
be appropriated for this purpose.
I am certain tha
with this sum, and wita an economicaluse of the
some, I can have this work complotot and in every
respect in a first class and workmanlike manner.
Reapers ani Improvements.
In this line there is always a great anount
to be done. I urgently recommend that a sum not
less than$ 3000.00 -be appropriated for this purpose
This I consider a most conservative or timate and ir
appropriated, it will be most economically expended
for the best interests of the school.
Wars House.
This is a one story brick building and is in
good condition but in entirely too small to store
more than one fourth of the school supplies, It
has been necessary for me to store a great part
of the supplies in the cellars and lofts of the
various buildings and this had bona a constant
source of annoyance. A good large addition should
be made to this building, and I most sarnostly
and urgently recomanaend- for the best into resta
of this school- that a sum not less than 5000.00
be appropriated for this purpose. This building
was even too small when the appropriation was for
150 pupils and now when the supplius roceived are
for 300 and must be even gruater in the future,
it will be an absolute impossibility to store the
supplies without the greatest annoyance and in
convenience and without occupying rooms that me
required for other purposes
Lighting
An appropriation or asooo.oo for an oluntrie
Lighting Plant at this school was availabdo during
the yoor ending Juno 30 • 1999 bup artır making
