CLASS HISTORY
It was four years ago that this class met in the halls of Santa Fe
Life continued on only but four years, yet every day of those four years
was crowded with events. The class of nineteen hundred and forty eight
has many memories of these four years that will linger in the hearts of
every class member.
on September 26, 1944, we organized as a class. We had our class
meeting and elected our class officers having Benedict Humetewa as our
class president. The class was composed of 37 girls and 30 boys. Our
first social event was the Freshmen dance, but hardly too much can be
said of the dance for among the Freshies there were many on lookers,
while the few that tried to dance were buffeted about at the will of
these older and more experienced in such ways.
How well do we remember the first football game in which our boys
participated, the one with the Uniers. Little did we are about talking
to our friends and what went on about as we watched the ball go over the
goal one time after another. Even though we lost the game, we were.
proud of our boys who put on an excellent game one who has passed
through such an experience can realize the excitement attended upon such
an event,
· Next came the inter- class basketball tournement. We were the class
basketball champions of 1944. Our boys had gone through hard battles to
win such a title for the Freshmen and redognized as a group of outstand
ing sportsmen; not only in sports but also outstanding in other club
organizations.
In Seprember we returned from our glorious summer vacations. It
seems that we went down in number. Many of our classmates did not return.
Two months later we lost three more of the boys. These boys were Johnny
Aquino, Tony Trujillo, and Simon Cata. The army had taken them away
from our school. Though we were decreased in numbers our class was well
represented in sports and other club organizations in which each achieved
much.
Sherwood Numkena now took the responsibilities of the president.
Besides being a class president Sherwood was Student Bady Government
Finance Commissioner. Such atudents as Lucy Avilla, Connie Cata, Nellie
Montoya, Grace Senchez, and Stanley Miles held offices in the Student
Body Government.
Next came the Junior year. Few changes were made in the personnel
of the class. Three of the ex- service men joined the class but left bem
fore the close of school. Edward Archuleta also joined the class,
coming from the Albuquerque Indian School.
Many of the class took part in athletics. Many were members of the
choir. We now operated the campus canteen under the sponsorship of Mias
Mitchell. This was one of the exciting experiences of the juniors for
each had fun and learned much. In March we put on a play under the
direction of Miss Mitchell. This of course we all enjoyed. At the clese
of our junior year we sponsored the Junior- Senior prom. The only social
event given in compliment to the graduating class of 1947. They admitted
that we surprised them in the excellence of our entertainment and that
we did them honor as well as ourselves.
At last came the senior year with all its dignity and importance and
its feeling of superiority over all the other classes.
Again we lost four of our class mates to the armed services. However,
in turn Wesley Nash joined the class to complete the senior year with us.
Wesley Nash is the only ex- service man among the graduates,
In September we made a trip to the State Fair in Albuquerque, New
Mexico, We all had an excellent time.
With the feeling of superiority over all the other classes came the
thoughts and preparation for graduation. The selection of the motto, the
class flower, the class colors, gaps and gowns and all that enters into
12
