NARRATIVESECTION.Annual Report, 1919.SectionIV.San Juan SchoolIndustries.Geographyand the climatio conditionsof his locationhave fixed the industrialstatus of the Navajo Indian. He isa stock man of necessity. He does not herd sheep on the rangein all kinds of weather every day in the year because he( usually she) is any more fond of that kind of work than otherIndians. He does it because his sheep enable him to live.His whole industriallife is bound up in his live stock industry. The sheep stands at the head of the live stock busiHe can establishhimself in that line easier than anyof the others. What limited farminga Navajo does is usuallyconfinedto corn raising for his bread and some for age for hishorses. Any help toward improvementand industrial advancement of the Navajo must thereforecome in helpingand improving his livestock. Some new blood has been infused into hislivestock, but the effort has not been as successfulas we hadhoped, The Lincolnrams purchasedwere a very poor investment.They were not good rangers, not vigorous and the Indians claimtheirlambsare not strong. An effort to get rid of these rameshowed no market for them in Denver or Kansas City, except atmutton prices. Consideringthem better than no rams at allI attemptedto trade them to the Indiansfor ewes pound forund and thus a few of them were placed with the Indian flooks.Our ewe flook increasedthat much, from which we hope to breedreliablerams which can be sold to the Indiansat prices theycan afford to pay and get back enough money to pay off our reimbursabledebt. The close of the period finds us with fiftynine of these Lincolnrams on hand, and I am going to make astrong effort to get rid of them by trades for ewes during thecoming breeding season. We will have fifty two young buoks for sale this fall-- half Oxford, quarterLino oln and quarternativeNavajo, which will be a prettygood ram for out purpose. Weshould realizeabout$ 500.00 from them. Our reimbursabledebton rams now stands at$ 4500.00and this sum will be creditedwiththe net proceedsof wool clip which we consignedto Boston dealers. This should net us from$ 600.00 to$ 750.00. We need anumberof white faced bulls for the range. The Navajo battle isa pretty poor grade of stuff on the whole.There are a few exceptions.19.