Ciroular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agenoy
Cattle are once more marketable and their herds of cattle con
stitute another possible source of income. These cattle are a sorub
by inbred lot. This spring, thirty pure bred Hereford yearling bul18
were bought with oil funds, branded with the reservation brand and
distributed throughout the jurisdiction. At first, it was planned to
sell these animals to Indians just as the rams and buoks are sold, but
the Indians suggested the other plan for the bulls, and it was followed.
They propose to continue to use oil funds in this manner until a
sufficient number of bulls have been purchased to supply the needs of
the entire jurisdiction,
In addition to the male animals mentioned above, a few Indians were
permitted to use oil funds in a reimbursable manner in the purchase of
ewes. The Indians securing the ewes were selected from a number that.
had none or very few sheep, and the ewes were bought from Ind ians that
had large herds. This venture also has proved& success. The wool
clip this spring in almost every instance more than sufficed to meet
the first payment.
In addition to the above, there has been sold these people in der
the reimbursable plan alfalfa seed, thirty plows, ten wagons, and ten
sets of harness, and all of these things are being used to advantage.
These Indians are taking more and more to what they term American
horses as distinguished from their ponies. Four years ago, one seldom
saw a horse in their possession. To day there are probably one hundred
families or more owning good teams. Most of these good horses are
found in the neighborhood of Shiprock, where they are used in freight
ing for the oil companies.
There are few fences on the reservation, being limited to those
inclosing the little cultivated areas. Such as they are, however, they
are plenty, for the fewer fences there are on range used in common the
better
.
The new one hundred per cent Federal Aid Highway extending from
Gallup, one hundred miles south of Ship rock to the reservation boundary
line, ten miles east of Shiprock, is rapidly approaching completion,
The road extending north of Shiprock to the state line, twenty miles,
which is also the northern boundary line of the jurisdiction is a good
auto road. The road running west from Sniprock through Be- clav- be- to,
Tees- nos- pos, Boundary Butte, Mexican Water, Denenotso, and the western
boundary of the reservation, 100 miles, is usually passable for autos
throughout the year. The road to Aneth, Bluff City, Mexican Hat, Dene
hotso, and the western boundary 01 the reservation, 100 miles, is
usually passable for autos throughout the year. The road through Be
clavi- be- to, Tees- nos- pos, Sweet Water, Bay- see- eye, Denehotso to the
western boundary of the reservation, one hundred miles, is usually
passable. The road to Redrock and then south to the south boundary
line and on to Ivokachuki and Ft. Defiance on the Southern Navajo
Jurisdiction is usually passable except in the winter. The road to
Toadlena is usually fairly good at all seasons of the year, People
- 19
