Page 45.range. The crearn of the range cropped by the goats andwethers should go in larger measure to the ewes forthe duel purpose of wool and lambs.While there is neither prospect nor hope for theelimination of the goats and wethers from the range, a realonable reduction should be encouraged and of the possibleforty percent reduced by one to two hundred thousand andthe retained goats improved for milk or rohair, there couldbe insured more and better lambs with equal wool. totals,thus insuring ten to fifteen percent higher range re turn.With the introduction and more general utilizationof improved rains the Navajo sheey give better lambs andmore fleece each year. The proverbial Navajo sheep,long legked, slim bodied. coarse wooled and multi- colored, yields readily to cross breeding and evidence isseen in every jurisdiction." The Navajo sheep was astriking example of adaptability and the breeding practice folloved should not underestimate this importantfactor in flock improvement, vith which must come correg.ponding development in range and water.Unifons and regulated cross breeding calls for largenumbers of purebred sires, purchase of which must be hadfrom the industry of the southwest. The breeding ewesapproximating six hand red to six mindred and forty thousandcall i' or about sixteen hundred rams for nating season.The average service life of the ran on this scant rangecould not exceed three years, this indicating an annialdemand for over five thousand rams. This mumber of puro.bred rara is not available in the southwest and, if theywere, funds for their purchase are limited and any procedure must make compromises to satisfy controlling factors.Certainly there should be uniformity in breedingand the present tendencies favor the Rambouillett. Thereis perhaps no better breed for hardiness, longevity, Ilocking instinct, and the dual purpose of wool and lambs. TheCorriedale, a fixation carrying the Rambouillott blood inlarge measure offers perhaps the next best cross since theywould add to the mutton retur, give greater length to thestaple, and reduce the grease content of the fleece withoutsacrifice of the uniformity, hardinese, longevity or flocking instinct. The promise of longer staple with less greasowould of course favor the Navajo blanket Industry.-& nativoart salos of which approximates twenty- five percent of the