U
1
( 14)
When illness
is serious enough, the Navajo will apply for aid and
generally will submit himself to the white man's treatment;
but
he usually has tried out all the quack voo- doo doctors in the
country first. But it should be borne in mind that the Hospital
and dispensaries
are institutional
adjuncts quite fine enough in
themselves, only, they are not automatic.
Out of four physicians
'
positions allowed, we have an average two at the work. The present
two are by no means the best type of men for work among Indians.
I mean that temperamentally
they do not suit the work.
There is
too much bluff, bragg and swagger about them. The confidence of
the Indian will not be secured and maintained
by such employes.
And furthermore
, both these men are of military
age, were registered
,
one has been drafted, and quite likely if the draft is avoided
through exemption, both will be called to the Medical Reserve Corps.
The Hospital Nurse, a splendid employe, has about signified her
resignation to go to war work. The Hospital Cook has long since
resigned. The Hospital is therefore closed.
The URGENT NEED for carrying on this essential health work is
HELP at hand, not on paper. Salaries have considerable
to do with
the lack of interest. This is an ola, old story. Loyalty to the
Indian Service oozes steadily out of the heel, when other Depart
ments are calling for expert service and producing the dollars.
With respect to the field ma tron service, it is believed that
such matrons reach their highest efficiency on the Moqui Reserve.
All the possible ramifications
of field ma tron service are here
carried out. Homes are visited daily. Laundry
and sewing
service is placed at the acceptance
of the Hopi Indian, and is
accepted. Each case of illness has practically immediate attention,
and continuous attention. The home conditions
, while not as yet
" ideal", are, it is believed safe to say, steadily improving and
quite ideal for Indian communities. The Physicians too, in
company with field ma trons, visit each mesa weekly, and so the
daily work is subject to a constant check.
These field matrons keep in touch with returned students and
are vigilant in looking out for the moral advancement of all the
young people. It is entirely hopeless to expect them to revise
the old and uneducated, although there are instances in which the
influence
of the field matron has been for great good.
Pretty generally, aside from a firm policy( and no employe can
hope to accomplish anything without firm backing) the field matrons
have done as much to advance the Hopi as any class of employes.
At First Mesa, Chimo povy and Hotevilla the influence of the matrons
is pronounced. The Oraibis are still reactionary and insolent,
and the work on this district presents many temperamental features
in the extreme. During 1918 facilities for an extension of
regular field ma tron service to the Second Mesa villages( additional
to Chimopovy) will be had, and when this is accomplished, it is
believed that one additional field ma tron should be allowed, as,
