to 5 f
com. of Indian Affairs-- page 2
It has been the custom of this school for years, to
permit a number of the children to attend dances and fiestas at
their Pueblos on certain well established occasions during the
year, and I found this year that not many of the children wanted
to go home for these festivities. I think this speaks well for the
advancement having been made I would not have them give up the se
anoient customs entirely but I do not think some features of the
dances should be encouraged.
The returns from the garden for the year were very
satisfactory. Both silos were f11led to the brim with ensilage and
there was an abundance of vegebables for the table The outlook for
vegetables is not so good at the present time, but the new farmer
may be able to get the work in hand to the extent that a fairly
good crop may be grown.
The two new cottages, one of which is completed and oo.
cupied and the other ready for occupancy in a few days and with the
remodeling of the west wing of the boys old dormitory into employees
quarters, will afford ample quarters for employees when thi8 is done
The employees club building is in bad condition least$ 500000
should be appropriated for the repair of this building. The kitchen
and dining room of this building are very poor. Both should be en
larged. The entire interior should be done over, both upstairs and
down. Employees rooms in this building are dingy, floors in bad
condition as well as the floor of the sitting room. Steam pipes unp
der the floor do not carry a sufficient amount of steam and employees
find it necessary to have stoves in their rooms in order to be com
for table during the cold weather. It is my understanding that this
building has been condemned on more than one occasion This is not
necessary at all. With proper repairs the building will do service
for years
Most of the pupils completing the course in this school
show a desire to enroll in the schools carrying a full high school
course. The ninth grade was added at the beginning of the School
last fall. The course of study is followed in the academic depart
ment, but not in the industrial departments as I would like Teachers
devoted more time to daily outlines than they did the year previous
but this feature of the work is not yet as it should be More and
more time is being devoted to this work. Departmental teaching was
introduced last fall and it was a success. The school room equipment
is muoh better than the year previous. More and more basal toxts aro
being provided for and the books on the authorized list have been
found to be suitable to the needs of the pupils.
The girls receive training and instruction in all the
departments outlined in the course of study. The same is true of the
