" 7 O
NON- RESERVATION BOARDING SCHOOL
Santa Fe New Mexic
Annual Report
Narrative Section
19 21
Section III
S C H 0 0 L S
This was the best year of all since I came here
three years ago last May There were no disturbing influ.
ences of any consequence; as a result of which the pupils
ot into school early and stayed regularly on so that they
were enabled to do a full year of work. There was very
little sickness so that only a very few of the pupils
failed to do a year' s work. The percentage of promotions
this June was greater than ever before. This is due to
a number of things. First, on account of the very grati
fying cooperation of Messrs. Horace J. Johnson and Leo
Crane, Superintendents of the Northern and Southern Pueblos
jurisdictions respectively, the pupils due to resume or begin
work in this school last fall arrived at the school without
very much, if any, loss of time, so that they were given a
full year of work and study Prior to that time, it has been
the custon of the Indians to let their children get back into
school when the fiestas were all over and when there wasn' t
anything else to be attended to The compulsory attendance
regulations promulgated in the spring of 1921 are going to
simplyfy matters very materially
However, Messrs. Johnson
and Crane rather had that matter all threshed out with their
respective Indians even before those regulations came out
U
throughout the year enabled pupils to get in ear' s study
and work. Third, the average age of pupils the past year was,
I think, a little higher than theretofore, as well as the average
perio ime spent in school prior to coming here, so that the
upon the whole a little
more favorable than in former years Then too, I think I
may, wit thout boasting, take to myself some credit for having
aroused in the minds of a good many of the pupils a real
ambition to get up in the grades as high as possible It has
been my steady aim to overcome the apparent stolid indifference
of the Indian on the subject of his advanc ement in school, and
I feel that I have gained some ground in this direction. In
this connection attention is respectfully invited to my Report
on Promotions submitted on F' orm 5- 296 under date of June 24, 1921
Both the academic and the industrial instruction
was given along the lines laid down in the Tentative Course of
Study. For girls: Cooking, sewing, laundering, nursing, general
housekeeping, and a little something along the lines of poultry.
raising. For boys: Farming, gardening, dairying, carpentry,
blacksmithing, painting, plumbining and steamfitting, shot and
harness repairing, tailoring, baking, etc Our work here does
Rep America ERA
