6.those who used to attend the Fort Lewis School, which was thenabout the same as a reservation school, 60 far as this place wasconcerned. It may not be out of place here to simply mentionthat it was a mistake to have abandoned the Fort Lewis School.There are enough children on the reservation to fill it two orthree times over, and leave our own schools full also. Such returned students as we have are doing very well-- just as well asour home product.We are following the course of study Just about as closelyas it is possible to do. I think we are as near to it as any ofthe reservation schools. The teachers have made daily outlinesof instruotion for the school work. The industrial teachershave not done so in all cases-- mostly because of lack of ability.The books on the authorized list answer the purpose. There is agreat deal more dependent on the teacher than there is on thebooks she uses. The right kind of a teacher can do good workwith no books at all, and a poor teacher will do poor work withthe best booke to be had.With so many changes in employees it follows that therehas not been as much co- operation and team work as we would expect from a regular force who had been in the Service long enough to learn that they must give and take some in order to getalong well. Some of them cane to us apparently with the ideathat a" Govermont job" was a place where people were well pe iafor little work, and when they found there was plenty to do theyleft 16.We have very good accommodations for whet employees wonow have. The public school teacher helped us in Sunday Schoolwork last winter and was always at the evening song service whenon the grounds and generally attended all the entertainments givenfor and by the children. She was on the best of terms with allthe employees,Thore is no sentiment in this country, one way or the other,as to intermingling of the race8. The Indian does not care anything about the social side of the white man's life and does nothave anything to do with him. The white man 16 willing to leaveit that way. There are no whites on the reservation except theemployees, missionaries, and licensed traders. There are no Indians away from the reservation exoopt buoh as are working. Theyare winning their way in white communities by their work and usually receivo just treatment when working away-- though this be snot been quito universal during the past year. Some farmers havenot done fight with some of thom in dottlenea te.17.