1
1
( 21)
and accommodations for the field ma tron or nurse who would be
summoned to take charge of the cases under the direction of
the physician. These buildings might easily be designed to
serve two purposes, or even more. The Physician always
requires a dispensary and office room( should have same)
whereas there is such accommodation at but one of the mesas.
The ward of the building coula be maintained so as to be always
ready for cases of sickness or those of maternity. There is
nothing of the sort at present available. And the nurses or
ma trons quarters, or accommodations, spoken of could easily be
arranged to provide a community meeting place or a community
bath- house, the last being as much needed as a sick- bay.
All this has been recommended before, and still the matter of
facing, epidemios among a closely crowded population of 2000 odd
people goes on without preparation. It is true that there is a
relatively large Hospital at the Moqui Agency, and to it are
brought all those cases that may be moved; but it is no easy
matter, and seldom a safe one, to move cases of critical illness
over the miles and miles of rough roads that connect the mesa
home with the hospital. And when such a frightful epidemic as
that of influenza visits one of these crowded me888, the task
is too great for the transportation means at hand. If the
disease is encountered in mid- winter, a time when this delightful
clima te ceases to delight, when the snow and ice and mud have
made roads impassable to mule teams, it is impossible.
As recently reported the Moqui Indian Hospital rendered valuable
service during the epidemic of Influenza. It worked at capacity
all the time. Out of seventy employees( white and Indian) fifty
came down with the influenza, and several contracted pneumonias
also. No one of the employees died, and it is a pleasure to
report that this desert contains today a number of Indians and
white persons( some of whom had serious pneumonias) who would
not have been expecting the springtime of 1919 but for the
Moqui Indian Hospital and its faithful corps of workers.
IN close connection with this hospital and its activities must
be mentioned the field ma trons of the reservation. My efficiency
reports indicate that these women may always be depended on to
give valuable service. I can especially praise Miss Mary Y.
Rodger and Miss Sarah E. Abbott for their work during the last
seven years under my superintendency, and each of these women
are worth considerable promotions in salary.
