Senta Fe, 1.1., July 28, 1924.Explora tory tract A was drilled by the lessees to& depth of 3,022 ft. and no oil has been discovered.The well is undoubtedly on the apex of the dome. Thelessees for the time being have ceased operations,but still hold their lease.Explora tory tract B has been drilled to a depthof 2,105 feet and no oil has been discovered. Operations there are at a stands till pending a settlementof a controversy between the lessee and the Producers& Refiners Corporation, which company contracted forthe drilling of the well. The details of this situation have been reported in my correspondence with theoffice. There is no chance of any discovery of oil inthis hole between 2,100 and 3,000 ft.Both of these wells, on the Tocito and Table Mesastructures, are producing considerable amounts offlowing weter. The Gypsy well has been turned overto the Indians and negotiations are now pending forthe water in the Ba iley well, in case it is decidedthat operations there shall permanently cease. It isat present my opinion that the price asked by Ur. Baileyfor the water is, under all the circumstances, too high.The matters have been discussed in the field by me withMr. Kneale and Mr. Robinson, and a full report will bela ter submitted.oil has been discovered in the Rattlesnake structurein the shallow sands, as has been fully set forth inIr. Howel's report. The lease on this structure wasassigned to the Santa Fe Corapany. The Department haspermitted the Company to postpone its deep test untilthe shallow pool shall have been reasonably proven anddeveloped, and the office has advised me to indicatewhen, in my opinion, such time has elapsed. The Companyshould be given a reasonable time to do this, but shouldnot be permitted any undue delay in fulfilling the conditions of the contract, and as far as I am concerned Ido not propose that they shall be. My present impression is that they may be able to develop there a production of around 500 bbls. a day in the Dakota sands,and that the Dakota pool may prove to conta in approximately 150 acres and from 600,000 to 800,000 bble, of oil,