- llSECTION 4---- INDUSTRIES1.We are following a five year program which has had threeyears of trial. This program is along the same lines as thounder farm chapters. Organization was found impracticableas the farm chapter officers assumed the authority of thepueblo officials with much friction resulting. Our Indiansare organized into five divisions consisting of the farmingsettlements of the reservation. The past year has shown butlittle progress as their crop failure discouraged them inmaking the proper effort, and it is most unfortunate thatthe same condition now confronts us for the present year.2.( a) Better methods are being used but these could be vastly improved if the lands were so divided that the Indianswould know they would retain their title to same. They donot properly level their lands so as to utilize the smallamount of water they have for farming purposes to the utmost.and we cannot expect the best results until we can insistupon their lands being properly handled..( b) A previous paragraph has explained with reference tothe past year' s crop failure.( c) The past year has been an object lesson to these Indians in showing them the benefits of the raising of winterwheat. This crop grew after the rainy season started andhas developed this spring before the grasshopper could damage it. It is practically the only crop these Indians willsecure the present year. A request has already been madeby a number of the Indians for seed for the coming fall andit is thought a large acreage of winter wheat will be planted.( a) Aststated above the grasshopper plague has taken thecrops of the Indians. We have issued poisoned grain forfighting them but because of superstition very little effortwas made by the Indians in its use. Machines were constructed for killing the grasshoppers but because of the superstition the Indians refused to use them. We have used bothpoison and machines most successfully on both the SanatoriumSchool garden and fields, and while this object lesson hashad its effect in a few cases, the greater number pay no attention to it. Our fight has been made much more difficult