veloped" Eco ivo ott volta oso era Tewdod Cornelopmentrange seditionisation until the tradita en( D) Welfare and social conditions.1. Boonomio Status:Economic conditions of the Indians during the year have notbeen distressing. They have required some assistance becauseof the lack of market and low prices of wool and sheep.Gratui tous issues have been made in cases where the need wasindicated. The greater portion of the assistance renderedhas been return for labor.The constant need for additional water development andthe necessity for relieving the over- crowded condition of therange received attention. These are two of the most importantfactors in the economis welfare of the Indians and they shouldGo ntinue to receive attention until the available water supplyis developed to the fullest extent possible and the livestockon the range reduced to a number which can be properly supported.2. Family Conditions.It does not appear that family conditions among the Nava joscan be greatly improved so long as the present type one ro om" hogan" is used. The services of the medical staff can rendersome assistance by teaching the benefits of cleanliness andThis, however, is very difficult with the presentlimited water supply. Permanent hom es cannot be constructedin an appreciable number unless water is developed and thenit would be questionable until the superstitions with regardto death and evil spirits are overcome. The present type" hogan"in many cases serves for only a temporary shelter consistingof one room with no windows and only one door. This providesno privacy and without floors cleanliness is difficult if notimpossible. Many of the Indian women de serve a great dealof credit for the condition of the ir" hoga ns" and they, no doubt,would keep a house clean and neat.3. Law and Order.Lawlessness and disorder have been rare on the reservationduring the past year. The few cases of domestic trouble havebeen handled by the Indian court. Cases of stealing or similaroffenses have been satisfactorily dis po sed of through the StateCourts.