0
0 1
Commissioner- 14.
construct Bon of ditches, the planting of crops and the har
vesting of same. He did all, perhaps,' that one man could
do. More men, of course, can do better. There was no outlined
method of instruotion given adult Indians by this farmer.
He simply appeared on the ground and gave instruotions as
conditions seemed to warrant. There was no agricultural ex
tension work done during the year in connection with the
United States Department of Agriculture, nor was there any
Boys and Girls' Club work carried on.
I have no new crops or enterprises which I desire to
introduce ander the jurisdiction, nor are there any market
or trade facilities to be opened here. My principal object
will be in the future, as it has been during the past year,
to intensify those enterprises which are already in existence
and bring the agricultural system of the Indians into as close
accord with our agricultural system as I can.
There are no traders ånder the jurisdiction, nor are there
any saw mill property or saw mill operations.
There are ruins, cliff- dwellings and other objects of
antiquity at various places but these all seem to be in
normal condition and, so far as I am aware, there is no effort
on the part of any one to despoil them.
No Indian Fairs have been held and, so far as I know,
no Indian exhibits have been made at County or State Fairs.
The Indians have their own celebrations( Feast Days, they call
them) and people come from far and near to view the festivi
ties. At the present time there seems to be no argument for
converting these celebrations into fairs or other gatherings
from which benefit may be derived by the celebrants. They
probably get as much benefit from their own celebrations as
they could get from a modifiad' form which would partake of
more oivilized characteristics. They get real financial
benefit from these celebrations and these Indians are not
in any condition to allow anything that can be turned to their
financial advantage to escape them.
So far as I know, none of our Indians are employed under
the supervision of Mr. Dagenett, There is not sufficient em
ployment, locally, for all of our Indians, and they must
seek outside employment to live. They are sufficiently in
telligent and fgressive to go themselves to Colorado and
work in the beet fields, or to places where lumbering oper
ations are carried on to seek their own employment. Some of
them, also go to other localities where other industries are
carried on. On the whole, I believe, it is better not to attempt
to furnish them employment so long as they will go out and
obtain it for themselves. I have numerous requests for
Indian workers and these we endeavor to supply, but I have
