Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION IV
INDUSTRIES
ing
stocking
the
naty
bulls
pun
pueblo
these
anima
the
range
of
con
We have made considerable progress in the past year in plac
ing stock among the Indians on the reimbursable plan with a view
to utilizing the natural resources of each pueblo grant. Forty
one bucks and twenty bulls purchased from the Jicarilla reserva
tion were placed at the Acoma pueblo after it was discovered by a
survey that they were very short of these animals. An effort was
made to place sheep on the Isleta reservation, the range of which
is now being leased to outsiders. However, due to the poor con
dition of the sheep in this section of the country it was not deemed
advisable to make these purchases. This will be delayed until
next spring when we hope conditions will be more satisfactory.
The program on the other grants of this jurisdiction calls for the
complete utilization of all of their resources in range and irrigated
lands, and considerable improvement is noted in the pueblos of Jemez,
Sia, and Sandia in the increased amount of acreage put under culti
vation. We have also placed 28 dairy cows at the pueblo of Isleta
and hope to start this industry in that pueblo as they have suffi
cient forage crop to make a success of it.
With the appointment of a Director of Agriculture we have
secured the appointment of two Indian stockmen, which enables us
to secure a much closer contact with the Indians than could be
secured from white farmers. We are now working on programs with
the Agriculture Director to reach the individual Indians and assist
them with their farming problems.
The Indians as a whole have suitable farm equipment and we have
not purchased any under the reimbursable plan due primarily to the
fact that it is very difficult to make collection on these purchases,
whereas we have very little difficulty in collecting from the purchase
of livestock.
The Indians under their tribal system of government attent to
all fencing and road needs of their various grants. We have made
an effort to have the Indians fence the exterior boundaries of their
grants as fast as they have been determined by the Pueblo Lands
Board. The Indians of Isleta are fencing their boundaries and the
Indians of Acoma have purchased wire for this purpose.
ed
by
the
wale
R10
The
Irriga
Water resources of the reservations of this jurisdiction are
being developed by the Indian Irrigation Service as fast as funds
will permit, and the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, which
intends to completely reorganize the irrigation systems of the
pueblos of San Felipe, Santa Ana, Sandia, and Isleta, is ready to
begin this work in the very near future.
