Page 22TEQU A YOFront row- Josephine Myers, Rosita Velarde, Pablita Velarde, Caroline Archuleta, Jane La Rose, Nahespah Chavez,Ruth Watchman, Lupe Plateria, Alfonsita Martinez, Tonita Mirabal, Tonita Lujan, Geronima Cruz, Gualupita Cajete. Second row- Helen Baca, Gladys Lahia, Maggie Kanapatch, Tonita Masteas, Tomacita Pino, Marcelina Herrera, Ame Pino, Yadespah Monte, Lupe Secatero, Mattie Bitsily, FlorerRomero, Esther Gunn. Candelaria Cata, Elizabeth Zinninie. Rebecca Willie, Leona Romero, Josephine Archuleta,Hazel Pete. Fourth row- Lorencita Chermia, Reycita Cruz, Madeline Wabunsee, Emily Aquino, Josephine Watchman.GIRL SCOUTSThe Southwestern Indian girl has a delight year named in honor of the pottery makerful charm, she has poise and an instinctive Nampeyo of the Hopi Country, with fifty scoutscourtesy which has been handed down to herin all.The Indian Girl Scouts have done much tofrom the cultural background of a gentle peoserve their community. They fixed baskets ofhis same girl does not have all the food for the poor families of Santa Fe atgifts of the good fairies. She lacks self- confi- Thanksgiving, and provided food and clothingdence, initiative, and a sense of responsibility. for them at Christmas. They made ValentineGirl Scouting is known all over the world cards for the orphans at Saint Vincent' s Oras the good parent of self- reliance. Its stand- phanage in Santa Fe, and some scouts helpedard for girl- efficiency is high. A Girl Scout the City Welfare Society sew for the poor.must know how to play well and work well. Scout day, May 10, the Girl and Boy ScoutsThe Indian girl does not only receive from the of the school celebrated the day by contests,American Girl Scout Organization but she has first aid demonstrations, relays and games.the rare privilege of adding to its enrichment.The girls have completed a study of stars,Scout work for the girls was begun in April, flowers, birds, and trees, and have learned to1932, and has proven a more fertile field than make a fire with one match. About one hunany other of the extra- curricula activities. dred merit badges were awarded to these girlsThere are now three troops, Little Otter at the Court of Honor held at Santa Fe onWomen, Sacajawea, and the new troop this April 27.LAS VELAS DE DIOS!The writer pictures the joy of the floweringyucca to those early Spanish colonists, who( Concluded from Page 15)came treking for six months through an aridreally are, although five varieties are wellland; picking their slow way through sands;known to every Indian and old time Spanish- suddenly confronted with canyons; whippedAmerican. The roots of a certain kind are used and stung by sweeping winds bearing bitingfor washing wool and woolen goods, and in sand; caught in flooded arroyos; blinded withshampooing the hair. The fruit of another glare; blazing a trail through deep mud, andspecies makes a sweet palatable food, while then suddenly seeing an expanse of tall shaftsstill another is chopped up for feed for cattle bearing their profusion of purplish, waxlikein the winter. Still another variety is the flowers! One of these early travelers upon bebroad- leafed" dagger," the leaves of which the holding the flowering yucca, exclaimed," LasApache and the Hopi Indians use in weaving Velas de Dios ”!baskets. By using different parts of the leaf And truly are these yucca blossoms theand bleaching some of these parts, they obtain “ Candles of the Lord, ” and we are convinceddifferent tones of tans and greens shading into that the state flower is indeed useful as well ascream white.ornamental.