-16separated by a shale break from the oil or whether the oilis going to be encountered unexpectedly. One thing of valueis the sub- surface con tour map based on the Dakota which willgive with very small error the estimated depth to the Dakota,providing the surface elevation is known.When a shale break exists below the dry sand it is thecustom to then run casing and cement by the use of a dumpbailer, which is a very convenient method. When oil is en-countered unexpectedly and the well is flowing the use ofthis method in cementing is not advisable, unless the wellis killed first by pumping a good mud fluid into the holeand establishing circulation with it. Inasmuch as a goodmudhog pump is necessary for securing circulation, it wouldbe just as easy to place the cement by circulation also.Practically the only thing which can be done in thedrilling of every well is to have the mud pump available andready to connect up to the well in case of necessity. Itwould not be advisable to decide on a point to set the pipeand cement at random, because of the danger of running intothe dry sand below the cementing point. This would necessitate the use of another string of pipe and a cement jobin order to exclude the oil from migration into the dry sand.The casing could be set and then lowered by underreaming tothe point desired, or until it was determined whether or notthere is a shale break below the dry sand to set the pipe in.The point is, that the casing would be in the hole and verylittle time would be lost in bringing the mud pump into use,should the oil sand be immediately below the dry sand.It may here be stated, that the Bureau of Mines willunder no consideration approve of a cementing job accomplishedin any other way than by the proper use of dump bailer, orby circulation with satisfactory mud- hog pumps. The methodsanctioned by some of the less experienced drillers in pouring cement from the derrick floor between the pipe and thewalls of the hole and then allowing it to settle to bottom,perhaps filtering through 700 or 800 feet of water, is notpermitted. In settling through the water the cement losesall of its qualities which enable it to set properly, or itmay never reach bottom on account of dribbling along thewalls of the hole. It is best to place the cement whereyou want it and be reasonably sure that it is where it willdo the most effective good.It is hoped that in the very near future enough da tacan be secured to be of service in forecasting the presenceof the dry sand in a drilling well. Figure 3 shows theinterpretation of subsurface conditions at the present timeand further studies will be made as development continues.