----NARRATIVE.---Section III( 5. a. cont' a).--- Schools.( Cont' a).The Kitchen will be a veritable" sweat box" and in this respectanything but healthy for the children, or a place where the pre- vocational instruction of the new course of study can be properlytaught. There is no cure for this condition except to buiid aseperate DINING HALL& KITCHEN with a capacity of not less than350 and use the present dining room and kitchen for dormitory purposes.I have taken up the matter of building another story of stoneon the main central square of the present dormitory building waththe Superintendent of construction for Mr. W. D. Love11, contractor;with Mr. Walter Dubree, Supt. of Construction, and with Mr. Peter Donlinhead Stone Mason, and they all after a careful examination of thebuilding are of the opinion that a second story of stone would beperfectly safe. The walls are 18"' on a 24" concrete footing on thesolidist kind of a clay formation. In fact after going down in thisclay two feet it is only with the greatest difficulty a hole can bebored with a post hole augur.There is already 25 ft of wall above the ceiling joists ofthe present ground story, and 7à ft., more of wall would be ample fora second story. And this wall should be as full of windows aspossible, ma king as light and well ventilated a dormitory as couldbe made and petain the necessary strength of structure.I have cemented the COURT. Mr. Dubree gave me the grades andit drains out beautifully. This court is going to be the greatestpossible comfort in future, instead of a muddy dusty nuisance, as ithas been in the past. Ra ins now clean it, and at all times and underall conditions the children will have a place to play, and to exercise, 64 ft. square is quite a piece of concrete, when you have torake up your gravel with a garden rake, and use unskilled Indianlabor, which I did, with exception of the finish,There is a porch in this coutt which should, of course, becarried up with the second story. and which would make an ideal" SLEEPING PORCH" This with an upper story provided with plenty oflight and ventilation would provide quarters for all those childrenwho, on account of physical deficiencies, should sleep in the openair. The sleeping porches now provided in the additions under construction are low down on the ground under a low roof and to thenorth side of the building, with no sunshine, and a direct connectionwith the wash room and toilets. Also the windows into the bathroom and clothing room connect directly with this sleeping porch.If found necessary toilets, wash rooms, and clothing roomsto serve the upper story could be constructed. Or the present Kitchencould be so used if deemed best to have the wash room on the firstfloor, and not put anything of this kind on the second floorIn considering the question of increasing the school facilities for the Navajo the question of water is of the utmost, of vitalimportance. And away from the Little Colorado River in the countryin which the Indians live there is not enough water for their stock.