EXHIBIT" ст
A NARRATIVE REPORT ON THE CONDITIONS
AS OBSERVED BY ME
AMONG THE ZUNI INDIANS AND ABOUT THE AGENCY
The object of this report is, first, to point out a few
of the things which stand in need of improvement
or correction;
secondly, to suggest or offer remedial measures for their cor
rection.
I believe that the Zuni Indians are in dire need of a new
hospital and that this should be of a general nature. It should,
like a general hospital, be so divided and arranged as to have
a ward for tuberculous
cases, a ward for contagious and infec
ti ous cases, and a ward for obstetrical
cases. Also, it should
have a well isolated ward for clean surgical cases. I stress
wards because it has been my experience
that the Zuni Indians
prefer them, especially the children. This building should be
modern and well equipped with a small laboratory, an X- ray, an
operating room, a diet kitchen, bassinets, dispensary, et cetera.
At present we have an old structure which is beyond modern
ization and which has served its day well. It is designated
as
a sanatorium
and operated in conjunction
with a sanatorium
school. Sleeping porches have been added on three sides of the
original building and the worst of all errors made in their con
struction is the fact that a heating element was omitted. I had
occasion to visit these porches during the cold season and found
them almost unbearably
cold. Surely these conditions are not
conducive
to health and comfort especially
to youngsters who are
hospitalized. These porches are called wards( male and female)
and hold five beds each, making ten beds out of our sixteen bed
hospital in the above condition.
I have almost two thousand Zunis in my care. Several of
our boys and girls go away to school to continue their educa
tion. Most of them return to their homes after school and for
vacations so that we can say at least 90% of the Zunis are at
home at all times. The present structure cannot by any stretch
of the imagination
be called a sanatorium. It is really an in
firmary for children. We haven' t any X- ray equipment, any labo
ratory, nor any physio- therapy apparatus. The small operating
room, outside of a few instruments
, an$ 18. 00 operating table,
and a$ 10. 00 lamp, contains a$ 35. 60 electrical sterilizer
such
as is usually found in a country doctor' s office. Dressings,
which should be aseptic for surgical purposes, are sterilized in
a$ 30. 00 pressure- cooker which is placed on the kitchen s tove.
There is no special equipment of any kind for special work. I
