GREETINGS TO THE CLASS OF 1956Of all the formulae advanced for success, the most clear cut seems to be the one whichprovides but two criteria- the adoption of a DEFINITE GOAL and CONFIDENCE in one' s abilityto attain that goal.Youth rightfully asks," What are we headed for?" The answer must be in terms of a personalgoal and a group goal. Usually the individual goal is concerned with earning a living and achievingin some specialized field. You aim at teaching, medicine, law, engineering, business, etc. Yetyou cannot hope to be completely successful unless you relate your goal to the social group inwhich you are working. Man cannot operate in a vacuum. Leadership, cooperation and dedicatedservice are key words in that relationship.Graduation is evidence that your school believes you are ready to meet the challenge expressed in those two goals. However, you are not expected to walk alone. Your school standsready to lend a helping hand as you go on into school, into industry and into the business of living.Our best wishes go with you.V. L. BeggsDirector of SchoolsDear Graduates:Great changes are apparent in each of you students over the spanof your high school years. Because we enjoy healthy growth we smilewhen we compare the picture of the small first- year student with hishigh school graduation picture.However, changes in physical maturity are not nearly so importantas changes in mental maturity. Physical maturity for man and beastruns by nature' s clock, and each of us becomes an adult whether hewishes it or not. But mental maturity is a goal only human- beings canstrive for. Mental growth can, and should, go on for life, and is to beprized beyond riches. However, no matter how many facts you absorbfrom books, or how many college degrees you get, you can, unknowingly,remain a child mentally.W. M. Hemsing, PrincipalSelect examples of the mature mind-- Lincoln, Jefferson and the other framers of ourcountry' s basic documents, your Indian leaders..... The mature and growing mind is everalert and eager to learn. It accepts criticism, respects the rights of others, knows when to followor to lead, to win or to lose well, is obedient, and is able to sacrifice present for future satisfactions. Study and re- study Lincoln. Through countless difficulties and failures he retaineda remarkable sense of humor, and achieved great wisdom, patience, and courage.Of all life' s prizes we wish you the greatest,-- the mind that lives, grows, and matures.You have our faith and love.Cordially,W. M. Hemsing, PrincipalAdministration