10
those stories the pupils u bo led to written losions on the stories,
correlating Matey, improvements that has been made in health habits,
is transportation, contention, ad how we are dependent upon other
states and countries for different kinds of foods, clothing, oto.
Artthustio problems du bo based on bring, rolling, and measurias
and weighing of etiolas. Manners mu bo stressed on studying the
history of people, and wil be carried out the making imadnary trip.
to other lands.
Pirth& Sixth Grades: There will be no sharp line of demarcation
betwoon mbjects. A definito outline of work du bo followed. Reading
ll be useful in teaching history, geography, if toraturo, oto.
Mechanics in teaching reading wul not bo nogleated. English will be
nado practical through publishing a school paper,
Husto, art, and physical aduoation will be taught by separate
toachon, but clowly co- ordinated with regalar elaseroan work. The
principal ain in dl of tho.. madjeote is wolf- expresadou. Au tort
Hll be made to develop the creative aspect of munde, art, and physical
activities. Opportunity to prover. nativ art, folk- lor, and dances
u be provided. Pupils wil also do iatroduced to art, folk- loro,
and dances of the white rac. an effort to have the pupils waderstand
and appreciate the cultur, of the white people. In art, the pupila
will be taught to apply Indian designs to various decoratir usos.
Home Leonandos: The aim for the year will be to make the Home
Keononies cottage a livabl. home, thus prononting suitable nativities
for the fullest development of the arte. At di tims, present soload
neodo nul be mot; yot, muah of the wost ll be applicable to desert
hou. life. In all activities, high standards of worlananakip and good
working habito mu bo maintained. Stross will be placed on standards
of living, morals, health and sanitation. The airls nul be encouraged
to assume responsibility, wprous thmwolves with wne, and develop
& good use of English. There dms are to be complished through much
activities as: care of the home, social statio, cooking, proodry
ation and care of food, sowing, laundering, deoart sanitation and di
posal of mastes, child care, ways of undng linx. time, poultry
raising, gardening, dairying( goat), and beantirying school murrowdinge.
A health and manners program mu be carried ou in the guldrun'.
dining room, and as a part of the classroo ook.
The Offic. has been fully advised in farmor reports and lettors
for the post nood for extension of school rock. Day schools should be
established borove it is possbl. to maintain an attendance of 25
children. Another boarding school is badly needed, and the Indians
hamo nado ropeated requests that such a school be established in the
Star Lako country, the capacity for an enrollant of at least 800
childron. It is believed that the most favorable places for day schools
aro Canond to and Carson's stors, and others later as money becamos
available for this pusposo.
