- 2-
Section 1,( continued).
The greater number of these Indians marry by Indian custom
and few comply with the State laws in regard to marriage
and
divorce. The missionaries as well as the different officials
make every effort to have the Indians marry legally but with
very little success. It is not necessary for the superintendent
to be deputized
to issue marriage license as applications
are
on file in the agency office and these can be ma iled to Gallup,
our county seat, upon receipt of which licenses are promptly
issued.
There are certain crimes which may be committed on the
reservation not covered by Federal law and because this is upon
a Government Reserve, the State will not handle them. There has
been so much discussion, covering this that your Office is quite
familiar with the situation. I believe that the State laws
should be enforceable upon an Indian reservation and that all
crimes and misdemeanors should be handled by the State, the same
as in any other organized county.
There is no Indian court at this place. The duties generally
devolving upon an Indian court are handled by the Zuni officers,
which consist of a Governor, Lieutenant governor and six Tinentas.
The religious welfare of these Indians is well looked after.
The Christian Reformed Mission has a missionary at large, a mis
sionary in charge of the mission school and a missionary who works
among the younger Indians of the reservation. The Catholic Mission
has a resident priest, while there are four nuns who work in the
school.
There is very little liquor used by the Zuni Indians. During
their Shallico dance in the month of December, liquor is brought
in here, generally by the Navajos, and there is some drinking
indulged in, but generally by visitors. The whole agency force
is on duty at such a time and the matter closely watched. There
is some bootlegging done in the Ramah district among the Ramah
band of Navajos, which are under this jurisdiction, and in the
White Water district, which joins the Reserve on the north, among
the Navajos who are under the Fort Defiance jurisdiction. As
these Indians do not indulge in liquor, they do not manufacture
it, nor do they leave the reservation in order to obtain it.
The Federal Prohibition Enforcement officers render assistance
whenever this is requested and have been quite helpful in furnish
ing suppression officers when the request is made of them to do so.
Deputy Special officers are not needed here.
These Indians do not make any intoxicants, nor is peyote or
me scal used in this vicinity. Neither do they use extracts, or
proprietary medicines for beverage purpose. These Indians are not
addicted to the use of drugs, nor do they make beer, whiskey or
wine as they do not use it.
- 2-
