) 4 2Arushapon Slips AA,invited to attend.ofline151862halluquerqueAramaanWith Them.enThe PeatterbrangINDIANS.DAILY JOURNAL.Another good letter on the Indi.THE NAVAJOS.question will be found in our colu,LAS VEGAS, June 12, 1882.BY THE ALBUQUERQUE PUBLISHINGthis morning, ou the third page.Editor JOURNAL:COMPANYWriter's busines along the line ofYour excellent editorial in regardALBUQUERQUE LODGE No. 1. 1. 0.0. F.Atlantic and Pacific railroad has gireto the Navajo Indians, in the JOURNALMoet every Friday night at 8 o'clock. Visita few days ago, was so much to theirg brothers in good standing are cordiallyhim an opportunity to becomo vorpoint, and expressed the matter sowoll acquainted with the charactenJ. G. GRASE, N.G.plainly and truthfuliy, that I want toEDW. STRASBURG. Secretary.istics of the Navajo Indians, nadthank you for it. A residence oflaughs at the idea that any persoTHE XAVAJO INDIAXS.twenty- five years on the frontier, andshould be afraid of harm from tueintimate acquaintance for tive wer_years with the Navajos, enables me toIpilians. We agroes with the JOURLetter from a Wentleman who is Acquaintedjudge intelligently of the character ofNA! that they are a peaceable peopleihose people, and you only do themEDITOR JOURNAL:and that the only aanger of ansimple justice and state the simpletrouble with them comes throug!truth when you say they are a" peace- The fact that about 16,000 Navajoful, peace- loving people, following theIndians reside in New Mexico andwhisky." suggestion to put #lpursuits of peace. ” That there may beArizona is very naturally a subject ofthe territor along the line of the rail.a few bad men among them I do notimportant interest not only to our ownToid nereservation under thedeny, but so there are arnong thecontrul of the agent is good, andwhite pe ple. Because the James boys people but also to all the people of theUnited States.went to robbing trains and banks shallAgent Eastman woull then maintainThat their characteristics and con.we conclude that the people of Misthe same good order throughout thatsouri are going to" break out" dition may be better understood is theportiou of the territory that he nowmasse and go to train robbing? and object of this letter.The Navajos are a medium sized,maintajas on the resetyation.yet anyone who is acquainted with theNavajos will agree with me that therecommon featured and formed people;would be fully as much sense in such and as compared with other Indiansa conclusion as that, as there is in the might be called medium in almostreports som. t: nes circula' ed about the everything — size, intellect, looks andactions.With the exception of blankets theyJUNE 16, 1882.paper correspondents are in the mainresponsible for all such stories. 1| manufacture almost nothing. It is awrong, as a general rule, but they don't necessities and their natural indolence, ost fabulous, for such developmentknow any better. The most of them in the care and management of their wholly without precedent in theare fresh from their homes in the east, herds of horses, sheep and goats; and istory of the country, and our ownpH and to their minds if a man is in Ind- as a consequence the labor attendingian lie inust per se be a savage, and as this service generally der es upon people, who are eye- witnesses to thothere are a great many Navajos they the children a.id is indifferently per- jeemingly magical growth that is gomight make a great deal of trouble it formed.ing on around them can scarcely comtal- condi they should rise against the whites; The sheep and goats furnish al.predend the marvelous progress thathence, it only requires a little imagin- most the whole subsistence of theation to get up a sensational article people-- the sheep, wool which is sold, is being made by the young giant ofcenarny obrery in the subject: Ian glad to see that and the goats, milk and flesh for food. he Rio Grande.Their horses, of which they have amoong dividesubject, for it can do much to remedy great number, are entirely an unnecIMPROVINGwalance the evil which such false reports do to ossary luxury. If they could be conThe mines of New Mexico are# tparts of the territory. The late ac- verted into cattle, it would make thetion of the court at your place will do nation independently rich.racting more and more attentionmuch to break up the business of sell- These people are not brave; you very day, and encouraging reportsquor to the Indians, and that their vanity leads them to retain theirure coming in Truth Burly all the+ an end to all trouble with horses and guns, which enables themOLD TIMER.. genllelunato maintain the appearance of a war- pamps in the terri.oiy.like tribe.who came up yesteru .y from agoing communication upon They have no great leaders or great valley siy's revent dis useries in ChenJirs is from an old resident men among them, and are thereforeistrict show large dujrosits of inineralntier, and one whose judgment will probably for generations to come, not liable to change in anything. andbetter than any herclosure found; oxbject is reliable. His refer- unless forced to do differently, remain citement is running higit ung thieo liquor selling among the Ind- much the same as they now are. puiners, and it is the general opinionis to mind a suggestiin madeTheir res" vation, although large, is that ibe LukeValloy alios will eclipseIrd to the matter, a few days which tliey now possess, and the gov. not large enough to support the stockthe carbonate deposits of Leadvilleiny a prominent railroad official, ernment very wisely has given them extent and ricilies a new placeseffect that the proper way to permission to occupy the country Uud, running from twenty- äve towith this subject would be to ex. south of their reservation for grazing Wirty cents to the pill is reportedhe police regulations of the Ind- purposes-- this land partly used byfom Golden, the wonderful coppereservation over all that portion of and Pacific railroad line, and should loods in the Jemes continue to im.country where the evil exists. be treated the same as any other In- MOVE with every day's work, thea plan as this would be summa- dian country in absolutely prohibit- gdalenas are showing up beiterhd effective, and would enable the ing the introduction of intoxicating an ever, new and valuable dlalers to strike at the root of the mat. liquors upon the region so occupied.overies reportedfromWith this done, the people of Newtheouce. The suggestion is worthy Mexico and Arizona need not have Black Range, and the Sandias, uboutune filling upnsideration. ny fears of outrage at the hands ofJOURNAL has marched all overe Navajos.ALBUQUERQUE, June 16.country with Kit Carson thirty yearsago only to be called" tenderfoot" nowby one he loves!Go to- Cassius, yourile ine.03.Gool reports come from Rio Arriba counKy in relation to the crops and mineral discoveries. There has been no trouble between the Navajoes and the settiers for a longtime and there is a season of peace and prosperity.soily krewSanta Ime 17/82Mexiconare