Leslie Todd RomeroAmanda SanchezSS.ve.What can I say? The best years of my life, highschool, have just come and gone. I ask myself.What do I do now? Where do I go? And only thendose it really occur to me, that I don' t need toworry. The key to life is just to live it enjoy it, andcherish it. I wonder what I would be like if I' d beenelsewhere? Something kept telling me to comeback here. Well, I' ve done it: I' ve finished highschool. I have so many people to thank, so manypeople that deserve everything; I' ve received somuch from them. My family, of course, comes first.Mom, Dad, Dee Dee, Shey, Jon, even Theresa, youall have supported me through thick and thin, youexpected a lot. I hope I made you proud. To mygrandparents, you guys have sacrificed so much,and still you continue to love me, I' d be nothingwithout your guidance. To my friends, all of you,Socks, Chris, Eric, Buddah, Leslie, Malcolm, Leon,the list goes on, I owe you all the same amount ofcare and respect you' ve given me. And to thosedidn' t mention forgive me... I am a very forgetfulperson, We made it, class of 2005First and foremost I would like to thank Godand my Guardian Angel for watching andguiding me through all I' ve been through. Iwould like to thank my parents for all theadvice, comfort, caring, support, motivation,and most of all for the love they' ve given me.If it weren' t for you I wouldn' t be here. Youinspired me to do anything and succeed inlife. I love you! To my three brothers thankyou for all those great times, never giving upon me, and to finish school. I love each andeveryone of you. To all my friends especially my hair tie crew, Jolene, Robyn,and Belinda, you guys are the firstand foremost, my best friends.||love ya guys. To my cousinDolphina thank you for never givingup on me. Last but not least,Congratulations to all the graduating class of 2005! We did it guys.SPBritina SanchezJenae SanchezFirst of all I would like to thank both of my parents forputting up with me throughout the years and supporting. I love you Both! To my family, thanks for all thelove and encouraging me to do my best. Love Ya! ToJenae, thanks for being there for me when I neededyou, Love you like a sis. To Corey, thanks for all thelaughs, it was great knowing you. Much Love. ToEugene and Gary, thanks for the talks and the laughs,good luck and I' ll be watching and cheering you guyson, and remember" Talent wins games, but teamworkand intelligence wins championships"- MJ23. Love YouGuys. To Jenna and Russ, thanks for being coolfriends. Love Ya. To Des, Bo, and Rea, thanks for notgiving up, we finally made it! Ha ha. Much Love To YouGuys. To Yvette and Notah, thanks for keeping me going. Mah! To Evanand Aron,thanks for the laughs, good luck to ya. MuchLove. To all the 66 street, good luck. ToKane and Cama. Keep you heads up and noboys! Finally to the clo 2005! WE MADE IT!Thanks for all the memories. CONGRATES!" I can accept Failure, But I can' t accept nottrying"Seniors, Baby!!! Our time is here!First off, I' d like to thank my parents for their loveand support. You pushed me to work to my fullpotential and showcase nothing but the best. I loveyou mom and dad. To my baby bro thanks for allthe laughs. You inspired me to be a better person.Keep your dreams alive. I love you. To my family,thanks for always being there whenever I neededyou. I love you guys. To my Boo: you keep mystrength up and help me through all the hard times.Thanks for your love. I love you with everything Ihave. To all the people you have made SFIS unfadable: Yvette, Britina, Jenna, Tamani, Robynn, Liz,OJ, Daniel, Russel, Jenny, Gavin, Preston, and allthose I failed to mention. I' m sorry. I love you guysand wish nothing but the best. 9th street keep representing. To all the teachers thanks formaking a difference. To Bono( Ms.Gullibert): thank you for all the opportunities and for all the hard work put into making this school a better place. I will missyou and I love you mom. To all the underclassmen never give up. To the SENIORS:good luck in all your endeavors. I' m proudof you guys and I expect to be hearinggreat things. I love you and until we meetagain I leave you with the words of Confucius:" Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart."SFISMario SandovalRussell Sandovalmynetheoredsh; foredY, 1" Tell me and I' ll forget. Show me, and I may notremember. Involve me, and I' ll understand."-Native American proverb. The years I have spentat SFIS will always be remembered. I would liketo thank my" familia"- Fabo, Nish, Kim, Phil, Ivan,my grams, Sue and the rest of the Sandovals,Shije, Silva, Cooka families for there support.Next, I would like to thank my parents for theirsupport and guidance. Love ya' ll, sorry for all theproblems I caused you guys! Now, I would like togive a shout- out to Brit( 9th streeter), Yvette,Delmar, Josh D., Jenna, Corey, Nikki, Jamie,Christine, Bo, Oj, Daniel, Xtreme( Chris), Jerome,Jon Belinda, Amanda S., Janae( thanks for everything!) and the class of 2005!!!! Oh, I can' t forgetthose staff members who made my years at SFISmore enjoyable and exciting- Castro,Ms. S, J. Crespin, Beth, Siva, Phelps,Bailey, Manz, Puorier, Mr. Mtz, JeanneG., Guilbert( thank you for the thingsthat you do for the school and me!),Kembietz, Guerin, Tina Harte,Matt/ Dorothy Pecos, Scott, Cenovia,Tino, Bill, and John Cammarata. Sorry ifI forgot to mention you!!! Finally, to theunderclassmen" Enjoy your high schoolyear cuz they go by fast!" I' m out.... PEACE!!!!est۱۳AVESFISEНroStephen SisnerosJolene Suinaat|bad.u.ideI would like to thank my mom and my family forpushing me to continue my education when I feltlike giving up. Thanks for always being there forme and for everything you' ve done for me while!was in school. I love you guys. To my friends,thanks for being there for me, Manda, Bee, andRobynn aka The hair tie crew I' ll miss you guysthe most. Thanks for everything and thanks formaking my senior year one to remember. I loveyou guys and I' ll always remember the crazytimes we had. To Isabelle thanks for being mymommy in the dorm, I' ll miss you. To Christineand Maddy thanks for all the laughs in the dorm,I' ll always remember those crazytimes. To Maddy Good Luck and bestwishes next year as you will be asenior. To my little brother Glenn andto my cousins, I love you guys and Iwish you guys the best as you continue your education. At least but notleast to the" Class of 2005", we madeit. Good Luck to all of you in the future andalways remember the class of 2005 ruled theschool.oveialLA SFIS): mySFIS