O.-----
Q.
Section 8.
Health.
would be of inestimable value to our population as an education
al health factor. Cases in their earliest incipiency would
not hesitate to accept hospitalization, and in many instances
after a couple of months a sufficient degree of arrest would
have been obtained in their disease that they might return to
their homes and families. It would be impossible for one to
live the routine hygienic life that sanatorium treatment teaches,
and return to their homes without carrying with them impress
ions and habits which not only would be of benefit to themselves,
but which also would be living, teaching examples to the members
of their families and communities. At present we have only one
case of Trachoma in a child of school age which is so severe
that the child cannot take advantages of the regular schodi
course. In this case which is chronic and of many years dura
tion, there is practically no activity in the Trachomatous
process, but due to resistance on the part of the mother of this
child to all efforts at treatment, the child has suffered per
manent injuries to her vision which can never be remedied. If
this child was not enrolled she would not receive any treatment
at all, therefore, as her case has reached a stage where she is
not a menace to others, she is enrolled in one of our regular
day schools, where we can give her daily attention. Especial
attention is given such industrial work as the girl can do, and
if only through hearing recitations, and contact with the other
children in their classes, the child will receive a certain
degree of education. Adult Indians suffering with Trachoma
receive the especial treatment which their case requires. The
greatest obstacle in this work is to get the patients to con
tinue treatment after the acute symptoms have subsided.
nost instances as soon as the pain or interference with vision
has improved or subsided, the patient becomes careless, and
will neglect treatment until another acute exacerbation sends
them to the physician for relief. Treatment is again instituted,
relief of the painful symptoms obtained, when again treatment
is neglected as before. But as this condition is not limited
to the Indian population, nor to the disease Trachona, but is
found to a greater or less degree among all races, and in the
treatment of many diseases, it is difficult to suggest a remedy.
The classification of Trachona as a quarantinable disease, but
allowing for suspension of the quarantine while the patient
continues treatment, is suggested as a method for obtaining
attention to the treatment until a cure is effected. The quar
antine would be justifiable in Trachona, and the plan suggested
has proved effective in other contagious infections.
The subject of temporary hospital facilities has been
discussed at some length in a preceding paragraph. The winters
here are often too severe to depend upon tent hospitals,- but
other tempoary quarters for the treatment of the sick are urgent
ly needed. Tents for use as school quarters for children inel
igible for the regular schools would follow the construction
a sanatorium, and depend upon the number and needs of the
children of school age who are entered as patients.
