The six Tewa pueblos of the upper Rio Grande Valley
suffered heavier losses of land by encroachment of white
settlers than other Pueblo groups. They have yielded more
to the influence of the white man, perhaps, than have the
other groups singly or collectively. However, decrease
in population and gradual deterioration in
the homes, fields, and assertion of rights
Land
was apparent with them from 1850 to 1900,
Losses
in which period they suffered heavy losses
in land and water. Since 1900 there has
been change of spirit, better opportunity,
better homes, and greater production. The community homes
are giving way to separate homes of one and two story con
struction as suits the individual. While their cultivated
acreage is limited, they are showing better interest, more
intensive application, and consequently better production,
whether of the farm and range or in the arts and crafts.
Time was when the Tewa pueblos had more land and water
and they grew crops in excess of their needs. They had
leisure for the arts and crafts and that they did for the
love of it, trading products of their crafts as they chose
for things they wanted, but all were artists
Arts and
and craftsmen as certainly as they were
Crafts
agriculturists. Art is born with the pueblo,
often disused, but ready always for the ex
pression if need be. When encroachments
took from San Ildefonso their irrigable lands and water the
sting of poverty awakened the sleeping art to verify the
opinion that what the Indians do well is determined by their
native equipment, though what they may do is determined by
the circumstances of life.
During the fiscal year an Exposition of Indian Tribal
Arts was assembled and held for extended period in New York
and in other eastern cities, in turn presenting the best
examples of Indian art to an awakening public interest.
Indian art is peculiarly utilitarian, but none the less
artistic whether rug or blanket, basket or pottery, orna
mental skin or moccasin, silver, turquoise, or painting.
Initial motive in all was utility or personal adornment.
Centuries of application in expression of their conceptions--
religion, ceremony, utility, or what not-- gives the Indian
a priceless heritage. Long ancestral training in use of
designs shows unbroken evolution, changing little indeed with
the advent of the white man or any other force from without.
There is now and has been for centuries past this growth
and development common to the Indian people, though little
appreciated by the white race until museum centers herald
the discoveries, if that be a fair use of the word.
11
