Annual ReportLaw& Order- 12San ta FeSchoolthe right of an individual Indian to sell his holdings in apueblo grant to parties outside of the pueblo. The evidencefor the plaintiff was submitted in June, 19 10, and a demurrerto this evidence was filed. It was argued and submitted onbriefs to the court in the fall of that year. The courts havenot handed down any decisionPueblo of Santa Clara, an incorporation,v SHobart, et al.This is a suit to quiet title on another pueblo grant.One of the defendants, Hobart, was served, and filed an answerraising the plea reg judicata. The issues on this plea havebeen submitted and the court decided the case adversely to thepueblo last winter. It will be remembered that Mr. Oscar Lang,of the Law Division of the Interior Department, came here lastfall, and with Mr. Wilson filed a brief for the plaintiff uponthe adverse decision rendered. Mr. Wilson submitted the questionof an appeal to the De partment, but it was recommended that noappeal be taken. Judgment was therefore entered for Hobart, andthe case at present is open as to other defendants whose rightsill be tried at a future date.Juan Luis Garcia, et al., vs. Pueblo Santa Clara, et al.This case is disposed of except as to the question of costs,and as it is the intention of the plaintiff to compel the defendant to pay the costs, the pueblo is fighting the matterthrough the Special Attorney for the Indians. No determinationof it has yet been madeVigil vs. the pueblo of Santa ClaraThis case was brought to quiet title to a small tract ofland lying with in the pueblo grant. The land was originallydeeded to a lawyer here for legal services, and at the time theland was transferred, the boundary on the east was given as theRio Grande. Since that date- nearly eighteen years ago- theRio Grande has shiftedits course to a point about half a milefurthereast than the line which it followed when the deed wasexecuted. The present holder of the land claims the east bound.ary as the present course of the Rio Grande,and the question