5.and they did not go directly into the hands of the Indians.We have wire and posts on hand that have been here for severalyears, and for which there does not seem to be any demand.Nearly all the Indians have work teams of ponies which seem todo a lot of work for their size, They use four to the wagonand haul immense loads when freighting. It is not at all uncommon for an Indian to pull into the Agency with 5600 to 6000pounds of coal and 3000 to 4000 pounds is the usual load, andthe teams pulling these loads look like colts, weighing only600 to 800 pounds each. On long hauls the Indian puts his teamthrough to the limit of its strength and then camps and letsthem rest and graze. He may not hook up again for two days, andif you are in a hurry for your stuff you may get considerablyworked up before you see your goods. But they come in tine. Ifhe finds he has put on too much or the roads become muddy afterhe starte he will unload a part and proceed with the balance,Traders understand this and get along all right with them. Construction men do not get along so well with them and yet they havefreighted all the material for our annexes and sewer and watersystem, and but for the Indian freighter we would have experienced great difficulty in getting this material hauled at all.Comparatively speaking, there is very little fenoing onthe reservation. The little farms under the Hogback ditoh areall very fairly fenced. Most of the corn fields on the reservation are fenced with one or two wires, some poles and old stumpsand what is lacking in fencing is made up by the watchfullnessof some member of the family. Except the shiprook- Farmingtonroad and the Mesa Verde- Gallup Highway, our roads are just common dirt roads made by use. Their condition depends on theweather to a great extent. In wet weather they are muddy andbad.In dry weather they are sandy and full of chuck- holes.Wetry to keep the Shiprook- Farmington road in good condition forthe nine miles of it on the reservation, and have been succe8eful in keeping it better than the portion off the reservation.The lesa Verde- Gallup road is now und er construction and of courseis not in good travel condition and will not be until it paoke.We do not require compulsory road work of Indians.It is notpractical to do so. They are too soattered and too nomadic toget any practical results. We require them to do road work inpayment for wagons and agricultural implements issued to them.They do some work on bad places in the road when they are on theroad with loads of freight.23.