1
1
for
the orops for the preot par ar mal better than that have been
para preceding onting to the Incronona malafall.
De Paodio. an carefd in saying their rood, testing and planting
the same, u voll as in martting their surplne prodnate.
It de 20$ 3000sary for the forarunt to Indean, al or direct
the individual efforts of Indians toward farming they have for
gon ratione atilised practioally all available lands. they are generally
provided with suitable fara equipment and care for the same as well as
the average sammer. Da sam otatomnt applies to their work to most
of watak ar rather light, although this stook is frequently underted
through the winter months. Dhe Problos gob rally have made reasonably
good wo of livestock and suppllo, pardased for the frou rolmbursable
fande. However, there is at prosent a omsiderablo delinquent in
debtedness upon reimbursable agreements and it is not believed extensivo
additional expenditures should be made until these agreements are
settled.
Indian farms aro wually along the valleys and are practically all
toneed. the highways are also fenoed where they came in contact with
farming land.
the Indians hare not been required to do a great deal of road work
without compensation and it is believed that regulations pertaining
to road labor could profitably be entoroad in some of the pueblos, such
as the sia and Jones, were road conditions are not satisfactory.
The Indian Irrigation Service is doing all possible with available
tands to develop the water resources at the various pueblos.
Hono of the Pueblos, with the exception of the Isle tas and
Sandias have surplus land to rent. Thoso Pueblos are reooiving annual
rental which in tho case of the Isletas amounts to a considerable amount
caoh year.
the lagunas and Aconas are extensive aheap growers and have
been quite macoonstul during the year just closed, although their
financial returns were considerably reduced on account of the necessity
of leasing winter pasture by the Lagunas outside their reservation.
This was made necessary by the drought of last year and the consequent
darage to the ranch.
the Jemes and San Felipe Indians devote their attention to the
raising of goats instead of sheep and are thus utilizing their range
lands.
