Circular No. 2316
1927
Northem Nava jo Agency
of course,$ 150 or$ 250 or even more is not at all unusual for a Two
Grey Hills blanket, but$ 150 for a small outline blanket is something
that does not happen every day.
The jurisdiction is furnished with two district farmers and one
stockman. The farmers are each furished with a Ford car and they
are continually in the field. For the past twelve months, the largest
single undertaking was the labor of finding pupils for the schools,
Since my report of one year ago was written, every family of the jur
isdiction has been visited by one or the other of these two men and
every child that could be located has been placed in so hool. The
same plan is being followed this year, but the results will fall far
short of those of last year because of the lack of available children,
The stockman also spends his entire time in the field with Indians
inspecting their flocks and herds, advising, instructing, repairing
vats, building rew vats, dipping sheep, etc. He also is equipped with
a Ford car.
The market facilities open to Indians of the jurisdiction are
somewhat limited. On the Reservation there are fifteen licensed
traders and one trader of Indian blood. It is my opinion that the
dealings of these traders have been fair. In addition to these licensed
traders, there are many traders just off the reservation to the north
as well as to the east.
The agency owns and operates a small sawmill located on the
mountain above Toaal ena. Up to May 1, 250, 941 board feet were logged
and 226, 533 board feet were sawed, considerable quantities of which
were also dressed. This lumber is sold to Indians for cash or in ex
change for labor. The possibilities of the present site are about ex
hausted and the mill will be moved in the near future." At the request
of the Indians, it is being operated with tribal funds.
The reservation is pretty plentifully covered with ruins and old
cliff dwellings concerning which I know very little. Representatives
of the Peabody Institute may be found operating on the jurisdiction
practically every summer. The Indians take no interest in these matters
whatever.
Two celebrations are held every fall, one in Gallup and one in
Harmington. The Gallup Celebration interests very few of the Indians of
the Northern Nava jo Jurisdiction. However, large numbers of them attend
the celebration at Farmington, I am unable to see any advantage accruing
to the Indians from either of these affairs.
These Indians usually find plenty of employment locally. Large
numbers are employed by the oil companies and on the Gallup- Shiprook
Farmington Federal Aid Highway, which has been under construction
throughout the year, the work on which is being prosecuted vigorously
at the present time. Large numbers are employed by anchmen and tar
mers north and east of the reservation and in the sawmills in south
western Colorado. llany of them are employed at the Mesa Verde National
- 22
