wart tal tromblon) have come to the attention of the Indian Court, and
te
meet ever they are able to note out sontenen un properties to the
gruven... of the offa... b omnoh have bog oplad 10. doidon
of the hua Judges to the detetot court, tonga ta dwg.
admined that i. is that not a peintieg ir that take leo nith
the design of the India go.
Seotia 11, Ann Demelet:
( a) Bioutual Denat.
( 1) On the roorvataan.
( a) off the townsvation.( oployment)
to thoreces of maltratod land has been trolled and four years,
though, of course, there is no frication diha thi. findetta and
no possible w to donalop water for irrigation so that 18 is only
wish tho were several year that we can hope to por cops mocountally.
muo sa condita applies both to reservation and publlo donada landı,
( d) no wo of Landor
( 1) Foroote, sotirtis..
( a) Iriatia notariNeo.
The fordstor of the sono la Avon rematdarahlo atration to
rango diotentia ad ho ohooked the stubu a vartou Indian
alotante. A mount purchase of 47,000 noros u th. 3. Ponou u.
tiet, our Department has noored for the benefit of two in das con
siderable tuber, with several la font nature of ready to me,
and in a hopard that as the most fateo 18 mu bo poodile to
install a mil 11 ud ont timber for un u the constructa af
hamos, operating the nu rude the chapter ondation, 18"
fiad it poses to do ne, thoud, of coco, at this the wo han
20 honey to prehou.
( 3) Motonta, ote.
Q& gte, 190, nthaal of its sa Mhe India country,
ooopia len jo tos a south of the normation in
Hodno, pero nahren ma form of antes, tie torud haring
hou medo u enter to fundulate the difunt of land matter and
post the Noaking for the Indiaas u wil a ponto onnor, the
ludo dous thu dhooker bound. 4. wtatlod considerahlo work
u 18 m m.OLOTY to roonan nilaquinto for cartdı altrents
mida ma nolected primato parties, partoularly the Sunta to
Railroad Coupuy; thu tun mu v Node lande in other tonship.
consolidated to the loosit of the lana jou.
Several pralesos hem heun mde of rabotantial areas, and one.
the entir Indian country to blooked through enhang and purchase,
It mu ho posll. t. more puntes sont un promotion of the
Urootook Indooty, hotter heall ad how progu, u the
settled oonditor of or your past redo the futun vury moortata.
