TEQU AYOPage 29PECOS RUINSTrailingThe ConquistadoresIn this article by Withers Woolford, one of set up their seat of government, built theirthe most interesting writers on the Southwest churches and their homes. Some of these buildthe author sketches the history and tradition ings are standing today; San Miguel Church,reaching back 350 years in such an interesting the Governor' s palace, an old residence.....manner that it would excite the interest of even these were all well- seasoned long before thethe most modern person. The writer says that Pilgrim Fathers set out on their jaunt to Plymit is the purpose of the article to lift for a little outh Rock.while the gauzy curtain behind which lies theBut let us follow the older road in the footSpanish Southwest.steps of the Spanish explorers, soldiers and" Are you an antiquarian? Is your interest padres, who followed the Rio Grande north. Inin history? In archaeology In the arts of the 1540 came the first organized expedition toancients? ” Along the trails about the ancient penetrate the fastnesses of New Mexico andSpanish Capital are ruins as interesting as discover their wonders, though to them wonthose of Egypt.ders meant but little, these hardy pioneersFrom all the world come students to probe sought gold, before all things. After this theythe mysteries of prehistoric races who once oc- hoped to claim new lands for their king. Theircupied New Mexico. From their excavations path was marked by bloody battles and miscome relics, evidences of life and even skeletons sions raising the cross to heaven.of men who are contemporaneous with the Old Mission at Pecos... one of the earlyapostles.Spanish buildings in America now stands aCoronado followed the old" Camino Real ” land- mark to the ancient people, a ruin visitedfifty years after Columbus announced his dis- by thousands of tourists every season. Thecovery. In his wake came more conquistadores once populous community which the missionand with them settlers. On the site of a for- served has dwindled away until the last fewgotten town they founded the" Ancient City of survivors have gone to live with their kinsmenthe Holy Faith ” known as Santa Fe. Here they at Jemez Pueblo — and so the trail ends.