UPUDUCUCL CLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCULUPUCLCLCLCLCULUCUELCLCLCLCULELLUCUCUZכחלחלחלחלתכחכוחכותכותבתכחכחכחכחכותכותבותכחכחכחכחכחב תכחכחכחכחכוחבותלחלחלחלחלותלהבחבוחלותnnnnnnUCLCUCUEIL!UGLCUCUCUCNUCIUCClass HistoryBy AGNES SHATTUCK, IsletaOn the first Monday of September, 1923, about fifty jolly fourth graders entered theportals of A. l. S. seeking for the fountain of learning. Twenty- four of them are here todaygraduating. They are: Sadie kecente, Fred Betselie, Ivy Bavansie, Imogene Chosemona,isadore Duran, George Dahe, Porfirio Garcia, Zeila herman, Rebecca Horace, AlbertHickson, Bernice Jonns, Terecita Jiron, Iola Nex, Theresa Peshiakai, Emil Poolehuyouma,Bert Poleahla, Bessie Sandoval, Paunne Seweyanim, Isaac Shungova, Agnes Shattuck,Carlota Valencia, Etta Weyer, Valgean Yovayma, and Paul Yestewa. Some came up fromthe third grade, some came from the reservations where they had been stock raisers, somehailed from Arizona, and some from other schools. Under the able direction of ourteachers we made great strides on to the road to better English. They unravelled for usthe mysteries of arithmetic and staved oīt many troubles tuat threatened us, striving tomake everything smooth and easy on our way.In the Fall of 1924, new comrades came to join us in our second year in A. I. S.The year was an eventful one. Soon we came up to the sixth grade; some of our formerfriends were missing but new ones swelled our ranks. On June 2, 1925, 195 sixth graderswere awarded certificates for finishing the Pre- vocational courses.Our fourth year was a joyful one; smiling faces were seen in the classrooms. Healthplays were given to encourage our students.Then the eighth grade followed with its round of percentages in arithmetic and partsof speech in grammar. In May 1929, two of our classmates had the honor of being in theDeclamation contest.Joyously 150 of us entered as Freshies to seriously take up high school work. Ourstudies were first and foremost, but we did not neglect athletics and other activities.Our second year in high school was a busy one. By the patient guidance of Mr. Shannon Science was made easy for us. Thus the Sophies had grown older and had gained moreknowledge.In the Fall of 1930, 95 Juniors returned to A. I. S. with a zest and a snap which foretold that the Junior class would be an Honor Class in number and accomplishments. Ouracademic teachers were Mr. Kendrick, Miss Gapen and Miss Meinzer who were to lead usthrough our Junior year. Good spirit and great effort characterized a wonderful class.Grief came to us when one of our faithful classmates, Mary Mitchell, left our ranks andpassed on to the Happy Hunting Grounds. Although she is not with us in person today, sheis with us in spirit.It was in our Junior year that our boys showed their skill in football, basketball, andtrack. Even our class football team gave a big scare to the wise seniors of 1931, when wecame out with a victory. Through our hard work we brought about the greatest JuniorSenior Prom ever seen in A. I. S.; even distinguished guests came from Washington, D. C.,to attend our prom: Senator Thomas of Oklahoma, a childhood friend of Mrs. Reichard,and Mr. Scattergood, our Quaker friend and assistant commissioner of Indian Affairs,were here. The Junior class of 1931 passed out with a history to be proud of. In September 1931, 82 dignified seniors registered in the Book of Names. A hearty welcome wasgiven to some of our friends who had come back to us ready to go through our last pilgrimage over the Land of Learning. They had been with us in our Freshman and Sophomore years.Four nurses, who had healed and comforted the sick, will long be remembered inA. I. S. Thirty- two Home Economic Seniors each in turn invited you as a guest to aloathsome dinner beautifully served. The delicious and colorful refreshment served atparties and banquets given by the Senior girls will be missed by the students and facultymembers. Miss Jackson and Mrs. Frenchville have labored hard with us teaching us themethods of better homes management, and Miss Martin has done her part in teaching usto live up to the style of the year and has made us good dressmakers.The Senior boys in the industrial departments have made many improvements by repairing the different buildings and the band stand on the school campus. Our eight band boys,three pianists and one violinist have acquired local fame and their sweet harmonies will longbe remembered at A. I. S. The ever- sounding echoes of our twenty glee club boys andthirteen choir girls will be heard no more in the Chas. H. Burke Hall of A. I. S. You shallnever see these thirty- two Senior members of the Dramatic Club entertain you on Fridaynights, for new members take their places.Student government led by eighteen girl officers and fifteen boy officers of this classwill be not only your pleasure but also your duty hereafter. We shall come back to see youand will be the guests and greet those whom we have commanded. The school is losingtwelve lettermen in football and three in basketball. They have brought home many victorieswith the aid of their team- mates from the many journeys they have taken during the year.Eleven trackmen and two baseball men, four wrestlers and one boxer are also leaving withthis class. All in all the seniors have proved themselves to be true boosters in every senseof the word playing a leading part in all the high school activities. After nine years ofhard study, we, the class of 1932, are in sight of the Promised Land. We have struggledtogether, have persevered together, and together we have arrived at the end of our eventfuljourney- Graduation. We must soon depart from these blessed abodes where we spent somany years. These are but few incidents of our school life, but remember, that every actof an Indian student is an everlasting history to his race.uapepeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen202020202020202020202Nananananananansnennunen999999997SeueueueSUÇLEUEILIEUCLSLSLSUCIכתבתלתלתלתUCİLCUCUCUCUCUÇUCCUCURUCUSUÇUCUCUUCUCURUCUCUCLEUCLCLCLCLCLCLEUCLCLCLCLCUCUCUCUCLCLCLCUDUCUCUCLCLCUCUCLCLCUCתבחכחכותבת- רכות- וחלבתבחכתכתבתך חכותבותכתבותכותבותכותבתכחכחכחכחכחככוחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחך