1
( 23)
The white employees of the Reservation subscribed as follows:
FIRST LOAN,
---
SECOND LOAN,
THIRD LOAN
FOURTH LOAN,
figures incomplete, as all subscriptions
were made direct to banks.
14 subscribers,
--$ 1,300
18
1.950
20
6, 200
52
9,450.
Others on the Reserva tion, traders, missionaries, e to. subscribed
during the four loans more than$ 6,000.
The figures are incomplete
as many of these were private subscriptions.
RECAPITULATION:
ALL LOANS,
Indians, 125-----
Employees 52------
Others
10, 250;
9,450;
6,000:
GRAND TOTAL------
--$ 25,700.
For the Fourth Liberty Loan the Keams Canon District( Moqui
Reserva tion) was allotted$ 6,600 by the Chairman of the Navajo
County District. The Moqui Reservation was the banner district
for the County, having sold more than$ 15,000 of Bonds, and was
given an honor flag entitled to two stars.
Aside from these matters of cash, the MIT Food Conservation
campaign, especially in matter of fiour substitutes, caused some
little measiness to be felt and this from the Navajo quarter.
There was evidence of bitter grumbling and covert threatening,
all of which finally simmered down to the usual Navajo tactics---
a studied effort to evade and defeat these regulations. It is
not thought, however, that they succeeded in any great degree.
As stated above, the first effort to register the Nava jo was
abortive, and very nearly projected trouble. The orders to do
80 wore issued without any consideration of the possible means
for doing so; the effort was made carefully as a test, and, on
find ing that it would not work out without fighting, and that
to procure the registration of a savago who would have been of
no use whatever to the Army( other than to consume large quantities
of food), the matter was dropped in good judgment.
One effort was made by the Moqui Superintendent to conserve
on a large scale the food supplies in the hands of Indian owners-
for the direct benefit of the Army;( see direct correspondence of
April 1917, telegrams and reports to Commissioner Sells);
the Commissioner did not direct the forming of the necessary
committee of super intendents to handle this matter over the whole
