488* I'he best part of every man' education, said sir Walzer scott," is that which he gives to himself.. To find this saying is speciallyirue or men of hunbl. station who have risen to distinction in seientoad literature. To To TK with. spirit of accomplishing som definiteend is one of the bost qualities in mer. Work educates the body inte.much as study educates the mind, and without work man is som to wisheand fade away as the rose before the torst fooot, Hence, ono or firstand not least, thing is to learn to work and with all your mights2his government which has been so kind as to educate its Indians hasborne in mind that through labor- end delagent labor- only can the Indianbe made a self- supporting and intelligent citizen. The old maxin that* Labor conquers all things," holds especially true of those who havethat quality of" stick- to- it- ive- ness."The armour of self- respect is the noblest thing with which a mancar clothinsell, and to obtain this- self- discipline and self- 001trol must os depply implanted in his life. What self- respect is thePost elevating feeling with wh. the wind can be inspired cannot bedenied As one treads the path of life, he invariable ascends in accordance with his thought's. If his thoughts are meanly og hinself, hesinks in his own estimationas well as in the estimation of others, foras his thoughts are so well hus acts be, When self- respect is implanted in one, it is then that he learns to respect others, as they on theirpar" are bound to 198pect him,Perhaps there is no greater teacher for humanity than that offailure. Pailures in others have benn the means of nearly all of theSree discoveries of the world. We have but to look at the failuresof the many graduates from our highest and bust colleges to assert thattarough failures we have a guide, which can lead us around the tengerous paths full of pit- falls.Man's life after all 18 but the life of a soldier'. There is acontinuous battle raging- and whats more is being fought up- hill, andthose who win without a struggl., Win, perhaps, without honor. All* xperience serves to prove that obstacles thrown in the path of humanachievement can be over- come an 1 conquered bt goo1, steady conduct,honest purpose, perserverance and a resolute determination to conquerdifficulties and stand up manfully when misfortune confronts you.This is the en 1, A well- balanced and well- storei mind a lifefull of usefui purpose, whatever the position occupied in it may be,is of far greater importance than everage woridly respectability.Highest object of life we take to be, to forn a ranly character, and towork out the best development possinle, of body and spirit- of mind,conscience, heart and soul. Accordingly that is not the most successful lite in which a man gets the most pleasure, the most money, the 90stpowe or place, honor or fame; but that in which aan gets the most man hoodens performs the greatest amount of useful work and of human duty..