UNUALREPORT1987.IarrativeKas tem Na va hoSoc. 3 Cont.SCHOOLS.Morality of the Indians in the main is good, tho there isa certa in element along the Railroad, in lumber and railroadcamps who are loo se in their morals and always a mot tor ofconcorn and requires much attention. The Indians of the be ttertype show progress in better living conditions and show interestin things that mean progre88. more are approxime tely 200children of this Agency not in any school, but for years pasteach succeeding year has found an increased enrollment and fewernremaining out of school. Your Office may not have full conceptionof the difficulty the people in the field must contend withto secure enrollment of pupils from some famillos even wherethey can tell be spared froin duties at home and we have had ourshirt tom more than once, but I dan say that while it has beendifficult at times to get results by moral suasion we havebeen singularly sucessful, with the assistance of the head men,wa om we try to back up in enrollment campaigns. Further withrespect to the children not enrolled and needed at home to assistin the care of the stock, calls for good judgment and thoughtas the economic side of the reservation life and the necessityfor making a living and in certain familes their argument fornot placing all children in school seems sound,This being a primary and pre- vocat ional school, there are nograduates. Industrial Instruction and traingng is limited toLaundry, Sewing Room, Hospital, Sewing and Cooking 4 8. work for thegirls, as well as weaving and home practice. White for theboys Car pentry, Painting, ma songyengineering, gardening and farmpractice receive attention. The instruction in each departmentbeing simple and practical, the majority of pupils of this schoolare all day school pupils, and do not have a chance for theIndustries tho of cousse most of the se are small and of gee6 to 12.Employees in the main have been iterested in their work andhave shown a spirit of coooperation and loyalty to their workthe Superintendent, Principal and have been inclined to bet terquality themselves to render still better service and we commendthose who ba ve shown this spirit, a few have shown disloyaltyand a shiftless spirit but the so are exceptions. Playground apparatus18 limitited to swings only, other equipment for the play groundshould be provided to consist of Giant strides, bærs, tee ters eto.Supervised play has been given attention in good weather when it waspossible but as the falls and winters are Govere we are in need ofa well equipt gyma sium, that will admit of continuous physicaltraining and promotion of games the entire year. It will reouiremany years of supervision and assistance in the operation of schoolsmong the Navahos as this work has to date only received any markedattention.