ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT
SCHOOL ACTIVITIES
1933-1934
General Statement
by
M.J. Chadsey, Principal
Eastern Navajo School
The Eastern Navajo School found that its teaching
efficiency was handicapped by the lack of a curriculum which
aimed at being a guide in helping solve the specific problems
in education faced by itself in training Navajo pupils.
Since no approved curriculum provided by higher authority was
available, it was decided to provide an experimental one for
our local needs.
This curriculum was prepared in a hektographed form
during the summer 1933, and used during the school year 1933
1934. A copy of this curriculum has been mailed to the Indian
office. This summer( 1934) it is being revised.
At the time the curriculum was compiled, it was re
alized that use would bring to light many faults. These imper
fections would be corrected as fast as possible. It is real.
ized that as conditions change, so must schools change to meet
them. For this reason we are trying to prevent our curriculum
becoming a fixed thing. We aim to keep it flexible, tentative,
and experimental. In the past we have found that teachers too
often waste time in perfecting refined methods of teaching sub
ject matter, which critical
analysis, from the standpoint of
Nave jo needs, does not justify being retained in the curriculum.
Therefore, in constructing the curriculum, the com
mittee has as its principal aim: to meet Navajo needs. This
means that it must correct any tendency to transplant a public
school to the Navajo country. It must help the Navajos to un
derstand, and solve their own problems, in a way which will
enable them at the same time to understand and to fit into
American civilization. The committee believes that at no time
should an issue be made to choose between Navejo and white
customs. There is no need to make a bad Nevajo adaptation of
white civilization, or a foolish white approved adoption of
Navajo customs. What is needed is the development on the part
of both peoples of a habit of mind which will recognize the
problems which must be solved, and then try to reach a sane
solution for the common welfare of all. This will make use of
the best knowledge and experience of both races. Thus we re
cognize the fact that basically there is no need for a racial
conflict. Our greatest difficulty lies in the human failing
