Circular No. 1604.July 1, 1926.HOPI INDIAN AGENCYANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVESECTIONSection II-Health-The general health conditions on this reservation aregood. During the past year when epidemics were on both sidesof us and around us we escaped them. We had few deaths andgeneral good health in both tribes.Every year we improve the sanitary conditions among theIndians. This last year has been one of exceptionally goodprogress along this line.( a) Regular sanitary inspectionis made by field matrons among the Hopis. We have no suchinspection among the Navajos. We have introduced betterequipment in the homes, have special clean- up days, haveurged the use of toilets, and have eliminated the use of badwater from old antiquated cisterns, thus improving conditionsamong the Hopis.( b) Additional facilities for taking careof the sick are needed on the western end of our reservation,say a small house which might be used for patients at Oraibiwhere we have a good physician and nurse field matron. Wehave also recommended to the office that we have small cabinsbuilt here at the agency in connection with our hospital whichmay be used in caring for T.B. patients sent back from nonreservation schools, of which we have several each year.( c) We have two physicians and both have been greatly interestedin eliminating trachoma in the schools and among the adultIndians so we have made splendid progress this year in eliminating this disease. Children with T.B. where there is any hopefor them are enrolled at sanatoriums. We sent a number of theseaway this past year.( a) It would be practical to establishcabins or tent houses in connection with our hospital for thetreatment of T.B. children or returned students. We stronglyrecommend that such be supplied here in an effort to try outthe proposition. Our agency physician is strongly in favorof such action and I really believe that it would prove verysuccessful in handling these cases, especially in instanceswhere the parents will not allow the child to leave the reservation.( e) The medicine men and the natural tribal indifferenceof Indians to entering hospitals prevent our hospital forcefrom reaching its highest efficiency.