- 3-
field day which was so successful that it is planned on making this
a permanent arrangement for the closing of the school term.
The entire work of the day school has been along the line of
training for future usefulness. Especially is this true of the home
economics department. Not only have the girls of the day school re
ceived training here but classes from the missions meet in this de
partment, and one day was devoted to the Women of the village. This
work nas been especially helpful in securing a better understĘnding.
of the Indians and has proven especially helpful in bringing Instric
tions in the line where it is much needed. The same may be said in
regard to the training which the boys have received. They are al
lowed to take to their homes the articles which are made by them
while training has been given in making the common forms of furni
ture which can be used in the homes.
The greatest accomplishment during the past year, which has
been more satisfactory than any other year, has been in connection
with the sanatorium school and in the hospital at this place which
has been conducted for the first time during the past year. A bet
ter understanding has been nad by the Indians of the purpose of this
school and the results have been so noticeable that the Indians can
not fail to be appreciative of the improvements made along health
lines.
No prejudice exists at this place over the intermingling or
the races. The white people who reside upon the reservation attend
all functions, and there is the best or feeling existing between
the Indians and the whites.
The total expenditures during the past year have exceeded those
of preceding years for the reason that the sanatorium school has
required additional helpers because of the fact that the pupils
were unable to perform manual labor. It has also been necessary to
supplement the diet which has taken an additional amount over that
or last year. But it is thought that these edditional expenditures
have been fully justitiea by tne results obtaineà.
All schools are well equipped with play- ground supplies, and
T. ne play- grounä activities are systematically supervised by employ
ees. The same facilities are aTTorded the girls in their play as
are given the boys. At the sanatoriurn school, as ball playing is
considered too violent exercise, it was necessary to purchase ta ole
games anà the simpler forms or exercise as ariorded by croquet.
It will be many years before the Government schools under this
jurisdiction can be ûone away with. There are no public schools
