1
( 10)
present there is no indication that the arrest of a Mexican in
Gallup, and his conviction
for selling booze to the first relay,
has any effect on the mental processes of an uneducated Navajo
residing in the Black Mountains who has consumed the stuff.
Not having education these Navajoes do not subscribe to the news
papers, and therefore learn very little about what has happened
to the Mexican. Knowing Navajos as I do, I cannot believe that,
having secured and consumed the liquor, they care a fiddler's fig
about the Mexican. They do want the liquor, and will pay extra
ordinary prices for it. And too, it is a sad thing to relate
that these tremendous
prices go for a quality of liquor closely
resembling nitric acid, commonly known in the community as" sheep
dip."
As stated heretofore
in this report, any number of Deputy Special
Officers( that is a number within reason) would be cat- meat for the
usual assembly of Navajoes at a back- country dance. Serious trouble
will soon or late result from this situation.
I could relate three
recent occasions when dire trouble very nearly eventuated. As long
as the matter is handled with the suave promissory- note method that
is advanced, the Navajo will continue getting his booze and doing
as he pleases in the back country. The superintendents
are
practically powerless to exert any direct corrective influence on
the matter, because, as related above, the Indian Police are
inefficient, and the general community( aside from some few old
and sincere Navajos who remember Bosca Redondo and 1863) does not
particularly care to see anything done. All this has swiftly
culminated
in the past two years. The various known offenses
closely attached to the liquor traffic( growing out of it) have not
been handled with vigor, and the Navajo Indian is sensing a weak
policy and a faint hearted Government for which he( those born
since 1868) has always had very little respect.
The correction
of such a condition is one of the first duties of GOVERNMENT, and
deploring the matter, and hoping about it, and trusting that it will
strangle itself to death, etc., will accomplish nothing. The Navajo
is today the only tawhipped Indian, and notwithstanding
that persons
in Kansas or Massachusetts cannot bring themselves to beliefe that
such Indians still exist, such people could not bring themselves
to believe in a European var either.
During August 1917 Chief Special Officer Larson visited the Mo qui
Reservation and has today a very clear idea of the general situation.
He agrees with the superintendent that mailing neat blue- bound
commissions to Indian Service employes or Indian police is the
last thing to be done ingood judgment; but that the Navajo Indian
of the remote places, who carouses and threatens and resists arrest,
must be HANDLED by someone who can handle him;, and that the sooner
active superintendents are placed in position to do this, the better
it will be for all concerned, including the Navajo. Any other method
will be as ineffective and as abortive as can be imagined. Please
remember that the Navajo Indian of certain districts has not refrained
