ZNZSZXZNZNZNZNZNZIndian DressBy LENA TABEE( Ute)One afternoon, upon reaching home, I noticed my old grandmother perchedupon a carefully folded blanket. Her face was lifted high, giving a fine viewof her carefully brushed gray hair, which hung in long braids over her fadedgingham dress and almost reached a worn beaded belt. Every wrinkle of mygrandmother' s cheerful brown face was showing:As I drew near her, I called to her. She did not answer me. Then Iknew she was thinking of her happy days of long ago. I called a second time.This time she heard me, and beckoned me to come to her. As I did so, sheseated me beside her and she began:“ When I was a little girl, I wore a dress made of buckskin. It was madevery simple so that I could clean it very easily by rubbing the rough surfaceof a stone over the soiled spots. Then when I became a young woman, myfather and I traveled a great deal on hunting trips. On many of these huntingtrips, I became acquainted with many different tribes. Many of them dressedquite differently from my people, but I noticed that the Shoshones, the Sioux,and the Ute dressed somewhat alike. In those days these tribes of Indians hadtwo different dresses. One was for every day. It was made of buckskin andvery plain. The other was also made of buckskin, but was ornamented withbright colored beads around the neck and over the shoulders as far as themiddle of the forearm. There were fringes around the bottom of the dress andaround the sleeves. These dresses were painted white and yellow. For a beaddress, I wore bead bands and also had a beautiful beaded belt, leggings, andmoccasins to match. The men wore war bonnets made of eagle feathers. Sometimes these were dyed in different colors to make them more beautiful. Theleggings of the Indian men were something like the cowboy chaps, only theseIndian chaps were fitted rather tightly and decorated with bright beads on thesides close to the fringed seams. These were worn with buckskin shirts reaching to within eight or ten inches above the knees. ”These ard still worn by some of the older men, and my grandmother hasher buckskin dress laid away for ceremonial wear. At other times she wearsclothing like that worn by mother and me.