9
-5.
Industries( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
Conditions on our reservation are decidedly unfavorable
for carrying on any dairy industry.
In the past two years we have had experience with the
milk goat herd, but find that the cost of maintenance is more
than we can buy milk for. We have recently disposed of this
herd and are now going to try a small dairy herd, in an effort
to get milk for the school and hospital.
The Indians do not have sufficient funds to maintain milk
COWS. They do not take proper care of milk cows, or give to
them the attention they have to have. There is no forage
raised in this country for many such animals.
The blanket weaving, basket and pottery making of these
Indians are bringing in moro money each year, and they have a
good market for everything they make, and at a very good price.
In faot these native arts and crafts are making these Indians
& bsolutely independent.
The work of returned students as compared with other
Indians is not what it should be, from the fact that the re
turned students are unable to get work on the reservation and
they very much dislike to go away from their people to start
out in new and strange communities. They are also handicapped
in these respects because their parents will do anything they
can to hold them on the reservation, even when they have to
support them or maintain homes for them.
We have no farmers or industrial teachers on this reserva
tion. We have two stookmen, one looking after or working
entirely among the Indians in regard to their stock and crop
methods, the other having charge of the dipping, fencing, and
construction work, eto. They are doing excellent work. The
reservation is too large for proper handling or efficient work
by two stookmen. There should be at least four stookmen, and
the reservation divided into four distriots. Our two stockmen
are getting very good results, but their hours are long and
their distances to travel, too far.
We have no organization of farmers and stookmen.
We have
no industrial organization among these Indians. Too much
supervision would be detrimental. There are too many clans, too
many villages, too many differences,
We have had no agricultural extension work during the year
with the cooperation of the United States Department of Agricul
ture, excepting now and then advice in regard to new trees, plants,
eto.
