(
Southern Pueblos Agenoy
Albuquerque, New Mexico
SECTION II
HEALTH
( Dictated by Dr. R. D. Holt, Physician)
The general health conditions of the pueblos during the past fiscal
year have been good, with the exception of an epidemic of measles in the
Pueblos of Isleta, Sandia, Santa Ana, San Felipe, and Jemez, referred to in
" Statistical- Section I Health."
General sanitary conditions of the reservations, in and around
Indian homes, remain fairly good. No new accomplishment in a sanitary way
has been made as to Indian homes. I find these pueblo homes much cleaner
than the homes of some other Indians I have seen. In fact, many of the
pueblo matrons evince considerable pride in the appearance of their homes,
both inside and out. While many of the homes could be better lighted, it is
very gratifying to observe that the use of the open fire place, instead of
heating stoves, is the rule rather than the exception, as the open fire, with
its larger draft of dust- leden air from the room, is a sanitary factor of no
little importance, especially in Indian homes.
In the course of my regular professional visits it is my rule to
make informal inspections. Frequent inspections are also made by other em
ployees,( Nurses, Field Matrons, and Farmers).
Sanitary privies are not kept, as was so well stated in last year's
report by Dr. Eilers, who also mentioned the pueblos' natural scavengers
( domestic animals) and the disinfection by the intense sunshine and dry air
of New Mexico; also the desirability of the abolishment of cacique rule as
one of the most important health measures possible; also the organization
of mothers' and womens' clubs among the Indians, with a view of improving
living conditions.
My own inspections have included the taking of thirty- six samples
of water used for drinking and other purposes from thirty- three wells found
in the Pueblos of Isleta, Sandia, Santa Ana, San Felipe, Sia, Jenez, Cochiti,
and one well at the Government Day School at Santo Domingo. I understand
that the excellent sanitary wells provided by the Government in the Pueblo
of Santo Domingo were promptly destroyed by the Indians there, who drink the
filthy river and irrigation ditch water. All the samples of water taken from
the various pueblos were examined free of charge by the State Public Health
Laboratory. A large majority of the samples were found good or excellent
from a gerin or bacteriological point of view. No typhoid bacilli were found.
Colon bacilli were found in the water from five of the wells, and a high
bacteria count was made from water from three of the others.
I am not
through with taking samples and having the water from the colon bacilli wells
examined further, and in the meantime I am trying to learn the source of the
pollution.
The most of the water tanks at the windmill wells are uncovered,
and I recommend that these be covered so as to exclude birds, flies, etc.
As to how the tanks could best be covered I do not know- whether it would
