Leupp Indian School& AgencyLeapp, AnzonaSection III Narrative.Schools.This school is incomplete, inadequate, and out of balance.Built originally with a capacity of 63 it has been enlarged only asto dormitory space and dining room space by 100. The office hasstated its capacity as 163 but this is misleading as no such numbercould possibly be accommodated in the clothing room, wash room, toiletroom, and recitation room constructed for 63 pupils.The war and the Flu broke into the efficiency of the schoolduring the last year to a great extent. For many weeks after thechildren recovered from the flu the doctor positively forbade theirgoing into the recitation rooms. All were weak and some slow of recovery, and the danger of relapse and pneumonia and death ever present.The boys from the beet fields did not get back until early inJanuary. So the whole school year was broken into.Most of the employes too were temporary. But I am glad to saythat they were excellent and the school was as efficiently handledso far as the manual work was concerned as it has ever been.With the bridges to be built across the Canyon Diablo andLittle Colorado River giving constant access to the north part ofthis reservation and also to the Moqui reservation, this school willbe most favorably situated to educate the large number of Navajochildren on that reservation now without school facilities of anykind. There are 2000 Na vajo Indians making their home on the so- calledMoqui reservation, and it is and always has been as much their homeas it has been the Hopi.When the bridges go in by far the best road from Keams Canyonto the railroad will be across the bridges here and then to CanyonDia blo or Winslow. The Hopi could bring coal here from the minesat Keams Canyon and take Government suppliesback saking a load bothways. Warehouses could be put here and one tra ctor and trailers couldeasily haul all freight from the railroad at Canyon Diablo, and haveit here ready for the Indians to load for return over the bridgesand by the shortest and best route from the railroad to Keams Canyon.I sent in plans at the request of the office for the construction of an assembly hall, a dining room and kitchen, and for reconstructing the present general building into a dormitory, but I havenever heard of my estimates and recommend ations since. I assume thattheoffice could not raise the money. I know that the office is veryanxious to increase in every possible way the school facilities forthe Na vajos.I am quite sure from a very extensive personal knowledge of theNavajo country that there is no place anywhere near as well situatedas this is for a big school. And a little school is no longerpossible from an economical and every other standpoint.