-3Schools.We have given special attention to community and industrialtraining in all of our schools with the end in view of building up our Indian homes and communities. We have been verysuccessful in this respect. We have tried to cement the influences of the school to the Indian homes and to encouragefrequent visits of the old Indians to our schools. The healthwork in all our schools has been very successful. It was aimedat better home conditions.A special estimate of needs has been sent in to the Officeregarding the necessities of these different day schools andthe reservation boarding school. We are getting these schoolplants in very good condition.The efficiency, loyalty, and cooperation of our employeeshas been first- class with few exceptions. We have a very goodforce of employees. Our greatest need in employees is a strongprincipal,- a strong, experienced man for principal of the HopiReservation Boarding school. The relations existing betweenthe reservation schools and the public school authorities arefine.As I stated above, the boarding school has tried to adaptits work so that its influence may be felt among the Nava jos ofthe reservation. We have encouraged the older people to visitthe school often and get interested in our work. We have extendedthe influence of the school in every way we thought it wouldinfluence or help the homes. The day schools of this reservationhave put special stress on the health work and community workamong the Hopis. These schools are doing a very great workamong the Hopis. I believe our health work this year has beenbetter than ever owing to the program promulgated by the Indianoffice and Chief Supervisor. This has greatly added to andhelped our community work. Our community meetings have been asuccess in every way at each school and we have had many of them.I believe the introduction of a moving picture outfit at theOraibi school has greatly aided this work at that point. Everyone of these schools should have such an outfit. In thesecommunity meetings we do not confine ourselves to school problemsbut take up every problem with which these Indians have to dealif they are to become better citizens. This means better sanitaryconditions, more water, increased crop acreage, good roads, andbetter moral conditions. We feel that these community meetingshave been a wonderful help to the Indians the past year.There is no detrimental sentiment in either the Hopi orNavajo communities regarding the intermingling of races.