UNITE STATES OF AMERICAQ. Isn' t a factshows Wereimproved by in ereon, and that none of themwere classifiedas cult ed la:A. I should prefer to have Mr Sena testify as to thatQ.. I will askone more question, then, in regard to thatIf, according Mr Sena' stestimony, or other testimonywhich might be given in regard to those building lots, it willappear that they were not cultivated, then is it not true thatunder the method of the Board no deduction should have beenmade for improvements therein, but only for improvementson the land?A. There may have been other improvements than cultiVationmade therein.Q. With reference to those lots, do you know whethertherewere any other improvements!A. I don' t know myself at this time. It is impossible, ofcourse, for a member of the Board to know every detail ofall of these thousands of cases and to testify about them.Q. I understand it is a great difficulty. I waswonderingif in thisparticular instance as to building lots the Boardshould not have departed from itsgeneral rule on these lotsand made no deduction for improvements made therein.A. I might have done so, but as I say I should prefer tohave someone else' s testimony about it. I can testify that themultiplicity of detail in this was such that it was not possiblefor every member of the Board to understand every detail.Q. I appreciate thatA. It is quite apparent from te schedule itself, and thiswas only one of a number of matters which the Board wasconsidering at the time.Q. Under thegeneral plan of the Board though to deductthe cost of cultivation and the like, as you havein yourexanmination in chief described, the cultivation, suchas leveling, disking, etc.,- under the general plan to deduct as im.provements therein. such cultivation, it was under that planthat the land valued at more than$ 35 was reduced to$ 35!A. Yes, it was under that plan, and it may be admittedfrankly that some errors might have been made, that theBoard, after years ofwork arrived at the conclusion that under tbe law it should, as far as possible, seek and do equity,and as far as possitlein every particular case its ma: duty