In addition to the first hand service to atak Navajos in Hoopitala,
a second important serio. la rendered by the medical personnel. away mo
the hospital and in the field. This servis. i. partomed through lates,
many of them at community santors, conducted in the day school, and no in
dallw, which has a full time field nure, an Indian driver interpreter, and
access to. physielam at Fort Wingate, Ab well as by rakine dondoliest
visita on wall, those visits to the hogans are made by physieims, by field
aurons, or by Indian driver who are sent out to bring in the patients. The
dotonination of who of the medical personnel should go out on coll. is based
upon the amount of Infomation as to the location of the hogan end the mount
of pertinent intomation regarding the stekness which comes in at the time
the call ia received at the hospital.
With the onlarging of the educational program in the direction of aa
tablishing new any schools, there has doon of necessity a corresponding mods
fieation of medical program to render service to the children in these school.
as well as those in well established boarding schools. Health examination.
have been given to 8,890 eldren ia boarding schools and 8,147 ebildren in
44 day schools. This work is now shown in the statistical tables previously
Incorporated. Attached to this statement la a sample of the health exmine
tion fome, rovisad odition, which will be used this fall.
Practically all of these children have been imunized against mall- pox,
many of thas also against diphtheria. Iwamanisations, where needed, have leo
bean given against typhoid fever.
the part time services in this area of two lontiete are available pri
zarily tor children in boarding and day schools. The fellowing table indientes
the amount of work done by Drs. Bullard and ridge:
SAAPLE OF YOUR HONNISI DENTAL WORE IN NAYAJO ARKA
No.Patients
No. of
Restoration treations
649
550
642
685
Because approximately one- third of the Kavajos have tracheas, the Wask
ington Office of the Indian Servies, has made apacial provision for attempting
to control and eradicate this sye disease. Under. Folk alobards, several
spooial wye physicians and nurses work regularly la all of the boarding
schools and in some of the day schools. 18 coming year it ia contemplated
that a special oftext should be made st Fort Defiance, Shiproek and Tuba City
Boarding sahools to gather together as many trachoma diseaand pupile se po
sible for a concentrated effort at control and eradication. The services of
ture additional special eye physicians and two nurses have been provided.
Fiftaon Nave je fasene patients are being hospitalized in the Arizona
State Flospital at Phoenix tram Conservation of lealth mong iniiana tunda.
11
