Comes now the United States of America as guardian of the Indians of the Pueblo of Sandia in
the State of New Mexico, and bring this ts bill of complaint against George Abousleman and Maggie
Abousleman, his wife, Abelino Aragon and Mary Aragon, his wife, Pablo Aragon and Maria Aragon,
his wife, Alcario Archibeque and Andrea Archibeque, his wife, Federico Archibeque and Gavina Archi
beque, his wife, Joaquin Archibeque; Miguel Archibeque; Pantaleon Archibeque; Ramon Archibeque
and Guadalupe Romero de Archibeque, his wife, Mrs. Angelina Armijo and Pablo F. Armijo, her hus
band; Juan G. y Armijo and Victoriana Armijo,
his wife
, Pablo F. Armijo and Angelina Armijo, his
wife
; Doloritas Trujillo de Baca and Martiniano Baca, her husband, Marcos Baca;
Santiago and
Baca
Filomena Montoya de Baca, his wife, Bernalillo Mercantile
Company, a corporation, the Board of Com
missioners of the Community or Town of Bernalillo, a voluntary association, represented by Jose C.
Sena, President, and Abelino L. Lucero, Secretary, Mrs. Rita M. Casados and Manuel Casados, her hus
band, Peter Castillo; Apolonio Chavez and Elvira Chavez his wife; Aurelia Sena Chavez; Crucita
Chavez and Atanacio Chavez, her
husband; Filomena Lujan de Chavez and Jacobo Chavez, her husband
Felipe Chavez and Catal la Chavez, his wife; Ignacita Chavez; Juan Antonio Chavez and Petra S. de
Chavez, his wife, Manuel A. Chavez and Benicia Chavez, his wife, Maximo Chavez and Carlota Chavez
his wife, Miguel A. Chavez and Regina Chavez, his wife, Petronilo Chavez; Predicanda Nieto de
Chavez and Casiana Chavez,
her husband;
Cesaria A. Chavez; Dolores Griego de Cordova; Juan N.
Cordova and wife, name unknown Vivian Cordova; M. G. Deuel
and wife lame unknown
Alfredo N. Duran
; Benigna Lucero de Dura and Jose Duran, her husband, Jose N. Duran and
wife name unknown Mel ton Dur Roman N. Duran; Epitacio Estrada and Anicita Estrada,
his wife, Feliciano Estrada at Carolina Estrada, his wife, Roman Estrada; Angelo Galassini and
Teresa Galassini, his wife, Abel Gallegos and Aurelia Gallegos, his wife, Albino Gallegos and
Calletana Gallegos, is wife; Anastacio Gallegos and
Marcolfa Gallegos, his wife, Andres Gallegos
and Carlota G. Gallegos, his wife, Antonio Gallegos and wife( name unknown Atilano Gallegos
and Sofia Gallegos, is wife, David P. Gallegos and Beatrice G. Gallegos, his wife Emi
ano
Gallegos and Pelagia Gallegos, his wife; Epifanio Gallegos and Marcelita M. Gallegos, his
wife; Eutimio Gallegos and wife( name unknown); Gabriela L. de Gallegos; the Heirs of Man
uela Gallegos, deceased, 1ames unknownm; Max Gallegos and Leonides Gallegos, his wife, Mrs.
Pelagia Gallegos and Emiliano Gallegos, her husband, Jose R. Galvado Abel Garcia; Antonio
Garcia; Conrado Garcia; Elias Garcia;
Inriquez Garcia and wife, name unknow 1); Mrs. G. Gar
cia; Jacobo Garci Josefita Trujillo de Garcia and Juan Garcia, her husba Julian Garcia
Longino Garcia and Aurelia Cisneros de Garcia, his wife, Miguel Garcia and Adela G. Garcia,
his wife, Pedro C. Garcia and Veneranda S. de Garcia, his wife, the Heirs of Rafael ta Lucero de
Garcia, to- wit: Francisco Garcia, Max
Gurule and Silviana Gurule, his wife, Emiliano Lucero and
Abelina Lucero, is wife, Epimenio Garcia; Ramon Garcia and wife(
name unknow); Rosarita
Garcia and Juan G. Romero, her isband: Bitalio Gonzales and Maria Irena Gonzales, his wife
Juan N. Griego and Adela Griego, is wife: Antonio C. Gro88; Luis Gross and Francisca Gross,
his wife; T. C. Gross Ignacita G. Guidines and Ignacio Guidines, her husband; Louis Gui
Virginia Guillo
Cosme Gurule and Bernabe Garcia de Gurule, his wife; Irineo Gurule and Mabilia
Gurule, his wife;
Francisco Gurule and Virginia Garcia de Gurule, his wife; Maximi
iano Gurule
and Silviana Garcia le Gurule, is wife; Nicolas Gurule and Lupe Lucero de Gurule, is wife
Antonio Gutierrez and Anita Gutierrez, his wife;
Atanacio Gutierrez; Cipriano Gutierrez and
Lucianita Gutierrez, hi is wife, Eloisa R. Gutierrez; Guadalupe V. Gutierrez and Mariana Gutierrez,
is wife, Jacobo Gutierrez and Vice ta Gutierrez, his wife; Juan Gutierrez and Eulalia Gutierrez, hi
wife; Mercedes J. Gutierrez; Ramon Gutierrez and Beatrice Baca
le Gutierrez, is wife; Refugio
Gutierrez and Susana Gutierrez, his wife;
Tomas Gutierrez; Vicenta V. Gutierrez; Virginia M.
Gutierrez and Jose Gutierrez, her usband; Grace Hamm and Elmer E. Hamm, her husba
Epitacio Hernandez and Martina Hernandez, is wife: Mrs. Genoveva J. Hernandez and Leo
ardo Hernandez, her husband, Juan Hernandez; Salomon Hernandez and Victoria G. Hernandez,
his wife; Isabel Herrera; Mrs. Raquel Herrera; F. E. Hughes and Alpha Hughes,
is wife, Mrs.
Carmel ta Jaramillo and Mike Jaramillo, her husband, Mrs. Anita H. Kloeppel and Mike Kloeppel,
1er husband, Doloritas H. Kloeppel and Frank Kloeppel, her husband, Josefa Perea Lash and John
Lash, her husband; Liberato Leyba and Antonia Leyba, his wife, Juan C. Lopez and wife
name
unknown
Jose D. Lopez and Petra Lopez, his wife; Perfecto Lopez; Ignacio Lovato and Antonia
Lovato, his wife;
Abelino L. Lucero and Filia Lucero, his wife; Andres Lucero and wife(
name
unknown); Apolinario
B. Lucero and Cirilia Lucero, his wife; Camilo Lucero and
name
