1Page 4.ANNUAL REPORT. 1926.So0.3.SOHOOLS.JARRATIVEPUEBLO BONITO;The Nave ho families 11ve in more or less isolation andnot within reach of the publio schools and it is thereforneccessary to meet the nood of education thru the reservationschools, boarding, day and Kission.The Pueblo Bonito Boarding school plant was first constructedto care for an enrollment of 120 children only and the pastyear there was enrolled 360 due to the increase of mapaðity,romodeling and extension has not kept pace with the growthand we find that the enrollment has outgrown the equipmentand the material plant. Contral heating plant, now and largerdynamo, steam bookers, gymnasium.shoe repair shop, boilerhouse, larger boilers are urgently needed, also more radiationin ali dormitory buildings, some employees are crowed intoinadequate quarters so that one new cottage and present officebuilding with additions could take care of two more familiesand this Battisfactory condition be remedied,Have sufficient employees with exception ofShoemaker- Band leader. This combination of talent may bedifficult to find in one person but is also urgently needed.. Two graduates returned for the vacation perioå and expectto return to Sherman for special work. Other graduates havemet with varying degrees of success, this problem is one of themomentous questions that the office and field employees haveto solve". What is to be done with the returned stutent" In thisdesert land of but little opportunity there is but littlechoice aside from drifting back to the old life.Sheephusbandry is the dominant industry and about the only thingthat anyone can follow as a vocation with a fairly good chancefor success. Mission schools of this jurisdiction atFarmington and Rehoboth are doing very creditable work. Thepast year 688 children were in school at the close of the fiscalyear and we estimate that there will be a total of 750 in allschools next year out of an estimate of 900 children ofschool age. The ecomonomic side of the Indians life must bealso considered as he must have assistance with his cattlesheep and horses and with all children in school in some casesit would be a real baraship to enforce attendance of all,however it seems that our showing has been a good one and wewill try to meet all opposition to sending as in the past,usually it is not difficult to persuade the parents to sendchildren to nearby schools, tho they vigoursly protesteathe sending small children or beginners to distant schoolsbut from now on this does not seem to be ne dessary tofollow this plan so far as this jurisdiction is concerned forwith the opening of the Chas Burke Training School at FortWingate, adjointng this jurisdiction, and the enlargementof the farmington Mission school on the north to take cereOI about 60 more children, our children will have empleopportunity to enroll.