Nusio Roport
Progress Zovels#,, and H.
1. Rote Songo
& songs of school, nature, sonsone, holidays and other songs
of Interest tore learned, the words of those songe woro
mitiotoped and written into the song note boola by the
ohildren,
b. Correct phrasing, onunciation, pronunolation, ani tones of
voice wore omphac ined and drillod upon.
0. With book in the bande of pupila they rovhowed the melan2
tort and fundamentala doarned last yoar. Throught new roto
songe they learned now torn aná thon put them into praotloo,
The new tore and funds.mental. Inoluded:
1. Noming and finding the nine for love
2. Aving tho values of notes in these tim signatureg-.
4/4, 3/4, 2/4 and 6/8.
3. Do Inic and interpreting the torne--- p. p. pp.,
* f, ff, oroaa., ala,, rit., D..? 1.0.3 Fino, ana
$ 1,0 cocto.
4. The aonge wore Intorziatod according to tho aning of the#
words.
., Tho aliteront typea of Bongo wo 10 learned and sung----
patrotio, secular, and secrod.
II. appreciation of Mass
2. Musical Instruronte
Each child la those three couupe made a booitlst oallod
* loal Instrumente". The instrumenta woro olagsified
according to families-- otring, woodwind, brass, and por
ouo.ion. The Inatrument was Illustrated otthor by the child's
amasing or by the aatalogue plotuto which the childron found.
b. In the cand a claedes the" Hutcracker suite" by Lochaikow
Oly wae studied, his lo s christmas atory of a little girl
and her toyo. Amon. hor toyo wae& autorac.or which she 11 cod
best of all, the nutoracker changed into a Prinoo who took
her to several al toront countries. Mere she saw hou dolle
which were drooond 21ke tho peoplo to the so countries,
" the onildren enjoyed the musio of this suite and also learned
oome thing about the countrieo of Arabia, China and nuogia.
They learned some thing about the history of Tschaikowsky and
the type of mio that he wroto.
a. Motoning
Concert etiquette was discusnod and drilled upon during all
the year.
Muoio hoard:
planhig Sons
At the Hook
body in?
Minust
ondolosohn
Bolstoftro
Rubenstola
Boooherini
Swing Song
Ethel Barno
