Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern Navajo Agenoy
SECTION IV-
.- INDUSTRIES
We have a comprehensive program looking toward the advancement
of these Indians industrially. The campaign was inaugurated sever
al years ago and eaoh year brings us nearer to its completion,
We plan to develop every possible drop of water on the reser
vation:
( a) Develop all springs and water holes.
Construct surface tanks or reservoirs.
Construct diversion dams for small privately owned
irrigation projects scattered throughout the
reservation.
( b)
At the same time, we plan to improve the quality of their stock,
sheep, goats, cattle, horses, by the introduction of pure bred sires.
Both the school farm and garden produced reasonably well last
season. The hay stored at Shiprock was enough for all purposes, in
cluding the needs of the Toadlena School, something we have never been
able to do before, and we have enough left over to last us well after
next Thanksgiving. This condition is due as much to improved methods
of feeding as it is to inoreased production, the saving in feed being
a direct result of changes in employees and has been accomplished with
a marked gain in efficiency. The present dairyman, in addition to
adding forty per cent to the amount of milk produced, saved at least
seventy- five tons of hay. It is fortunate that this saving has been
made for the weather so far this year has not been of the quality to
make good hay, and the first cut is less than hali crop. The hay
froze down early in May and again during the latter part of the same
month.
In addition to the hay produced, the silo was filled with corn
ensilage of prime quality with a considerable quantity of stover and
ear corn left over.
The potato crop at Shiprock as usual was a failure. Even the
potato crop at loadlena failed due to a killing frost early in July.
The vegetable crop at Toadlena was not up to the standard of the
two or three years immediately preceding, due to the fact that the
principal was transferred at the close of the school year and the
new principal did not report until long after harvest.
The vegetable crop at the San Juan School was good. Over one
and one- half tons of dried sweet corn were stored, over one and one
half tons of the dried product. Three thousand half gallons
of tomatoes were canned, One thousand bushels of peaches were pro
duced and five hundred gallons of peach butter made. Three hundred
- 16
