Section 3.
Narrative
Page 3.
Pueblo Bonito Sohool
Annual Report 1919
Sonoo18.
Owing to the" Plu" epidemic last October and
November, and 25 boys being absent from the school until
January, the school work was very much interfered with.
The boys who were absent were working in the Kansas Beet
Fields, and they did their part in relieving labor shortage
and assisting in the production of food, which was greatly
desired in the interest of our Government and its allies in
the great world war. The industrial instruction has not been
what it shoula be, on account of lack of interest in that par
ticular phase of instruction
by several employees.
No fair or stock exhibit was held during this fiscal
year, on account of war conditions, and adverse seasons, due to
drought and which would not permit of a creditable showing haa
a fair been held. The drought was extreme and the winter follow
ing was unusually sevece, and the Indians have lost many sheep,
some horses and cattle. The prohibitive price of feed inade it
out of the question for the Indians to buy as hay sold for more
than fifty dollars per ton, and oats five cents a pound, and
during the coldest weather could not be had at any price. The
past two years having been very unfavorable the Indians had no
chance to cut hay which can be done during the more favorable
years.
On account of the construction
work now under weyit
is not planned to hold a fair at this Agency this fall, but I
have conferred with the County Agent and other representative
men of the county about the advisability
of organizing
a county
fair association
and hold annually a fair at the county seat of
Gallup, New Mexico. This will permit of several Agencies and
Schools to join in on this proposition
, and in my opinion it
would be preferable
to have a large central feir rather than
each Agency have a small affair of their own.
The school owns registered
Duroc Hogs, and during the past years the restere
fattenedtande
brirhe rate očith& safbrate
** 82es.
the stock. Total value of last year's products over$ 2,000.00.
