O
O
Hopi 17.
would be able to get better off each year till they
were all very independent. They are all thrifty and
good hustlers, taking advantage of everything that makes
them better off financially. The Indians are very
much pleased at their present conditions and tell me of it
with great satisfaction.
b. Loco Weed kills many horses but doesnot bother the
flocks and cattle very much. Thisnis about the only loss.
6. Indian stock is all cared for on the reserve, grazing
the entire year. Snow on the high places where there is
no water, is helpful in allowing grazing there in winter time
which is not hard on stock in this country, it is so mild.
d. The outlook for increased stock, better stock and
the proper caring for stock, was never better the Indians
tell me. With fewer and better animals, what we encourage,
these Indians would have more grazing, more wool,
less work, and would have to cover less territory for
keeping their sheep. With our double- dipping now each
year and our methods of checking up every band, we will
got these sheep soon in fine shape so that a dipping
once a year will keep thea that way.
e. No stook owned by whites are on this reserve. We
would have no grazing for such stock.
1. The Indians utilize every foot of range. As it is,
the reserve 18 sadly overgrazed. More water in outlying
districts would greatly inprove this condition.
8. These Indians need, very badly, more bulls and rams
and especially stallions which would allow the raising of
decent- size draft horses. Excepting for a carload of bulls,
none have been purchased for over ten years, through
this
agency
:
h. No tribal herd is maintained and none could be
maintained without injury to these Indians.
13. Conditions are against any dairy herd.
a. Dairying would be out of the question here under pres
ent conditions.
b. I am thinking of getting a small herd of goats for
Milk for Hospital. If they do well here then it will be
a successful experiment that the Indians can take up later
if they prefer to. This is the only way these Indians can
get milk in this country till feed can be raised for cows.
A dairy hered of goats would only be necessary for
furnishing milk for the hospital, so far as I can now see.
I am afraid that we would have to get rid of the old goat
herds if the Indians were to take kindly to the milk
goats. It would be fine if we could do this.
