-7deeper horizons below the Dakota, either through faultsor by ordinary upward migration. In the estima tion of thewriter, migration has played a very minor part unless ithas been through a series of faults, and those of us engaged upon petroleum engineering and geological work willprobably make greater strådes toward a complete understanding of the genesis and accumulation of oil, once wea bandon the ridiculous hypothesis of migration upward ordownward through the bedding planes and impervious portionsof the formations themselves. Gavin has recently demon stratedby laboratory experiments that practically any grade orgravity of oil may be produced by varying the time, pressureand heat factors.In connection with the high gravity of the oil beingattributable to migration through faults, the question arises,why do we not find a more frequent occurrence of such highgravity oil in faulted fields where it is believed and almostprovent that upward migration through faults has been an inportant factor? It is logical to assume that that, whereasthere is such an accumulation of a very uncommon' crude' oil..that some extremely uncommon factor has played a part in itsgenesis and accumulation. Such an uncommon factor at thepresent time is unknown, unless it be extreme conditions ofstress and folding with their attendant metamorphism andpossible refinement of the oil.The Hogback dome is crossed by two or three normalfaults of moderate displacement, approximately 16 feet, butsub- surface data is not complete enough yet to tell uswhether these die out with depth or not. Their presencehowever, as far down as the first water bearing sand in theDakota is indicated by the finding of an abundance of faultbreccia with a considerable amount of calcareous cementingmaterial. It is very similar to calcareous tufa and wasobserved along a fault plane near the northwest comer ofsection 19. Probably a circulation of waters through thefault upward from the Dakota sandstone deposited this material.Considerably more geological work in studying these faultsmight be of importance. In the drilling of wells No. 7 andno. 8, the driller reported the presence of some oil in smallamounts and stain of oil in the shale above the Da ko ta from adepth of 22 feet on down, These wells are in close proximityto the fault, which has just been discussed, and are located onthe down throw side on the surface. In several places there aresuggestions of the fault displacing a prominent and consistentbench of river deposit of recent geologic age, which is foundon both of the high banks along the Chaco river bottom. Ifthis condition exists the age of the faults is not great.difficulty in attempting to do detailed work in connectionwith the faults on Hogback is the fact that there is a mantleof wind blown sand that obscures a portion of the area northwest of the apex of the structure.