ANNUAL REPORT, 1928---- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO
NARRATIVE
SECTION No. 1---- LAW AND ORDER
The present agency buildings are surricent for our needs with
the exception of a building or buildings for sheltering the machin
ery which has been issued to the Indians of this district for their
use, but which are allowed to remain in the open without shelter
âuring the winter because of inadequate housing facilities. As for
equipment for agency buildings, the agency orrice should have a
heating plant installed. This would not only conserve much neeåed
space, but would make for better healta conditions among the cler
ical force. There are no Federal buildings in this section other
then those constructed by the Indian Bureau.
The present. force of agency employees is sufficient for the
needs of this jurisdiction.
No difficulty is experienced in maintaining proper orđer upon
the reservation. The officers of the pueblo can generally handle
ali ca ses vựhere land disputes or property difficulties arise. The
Indians unđerstand that if they are not satisried with the settle
ment, as ma üe by the Zuni officer, they have their right to appeal
to this office; but very seldom is this done.
The Zuni Indians are, generally speaking, law- abiding citizens
and cause very little dirriculty through violation of the law or the
regulations under whicn an Indian agency is governed. In this county
the County officials assist when called upon in handling cases against
Indians although it is sometimes necessary to use persuasion in ord
er to get them to handle cases. There should be legislation where
by all county cases could be handled on an Indian reservation tne
same as titough the crime were committed ori tae reservation.
The old Indian dances are iniuiged in by the Zuni Indians to
such an extent as to actually retard their progress. The damage
which is ione is in taking them from needrul employment the greater
part of the year; while in many cases they indulge in these dances
to the point of exhaustion, making them harmful along health lines.
As to the policy wnicu should be pursued in regard to these dances,
it is thought that this is one or education. The returned students
will in time gradually ſorsake these old customs and as the old
Indians pass away, and timeir places are taken by the young who have
