O- 2- 0
We encounter no difficulties in regular attendance.
Absence is usually due to sickness and is nearly
always reported by a number of the family, thus
facilitating the work of the policeman. Over thirty
per cent of the total enrollment had a perfect attend
ance for the whole year and one whole class( fifth
grade) had a perfect record.
The activities of the school are outgrowtns of the
particular needs of the Zuni children. In the kinder
garten eral English is stressed, particularly in
natural situations. By the end of the year, the
vocabulary or the greater number was over 600 words.
In all grades native songs, dances, legends and
stories are emphasized. The housekeeper, a Zuni
Woman, has charge of the native songs. An old man of
an important ceremonial clan tells stories in the
Zuni language every week.
In the arts and crafts there are pottery, silver
smith and native art classes. The girls in upper
grades take pottery lessons throughout the year under
a native pottery teacher. The silversmith class,
likewi se, is under a native teacher. In applied Indian
art, native designs and dances are utilized in embroid
ery, decorations on lamp shades, greeting cards,
vases, Woodwork, calenders, and decorations for the
home.
The Domestic Science work is divided into two
groups: the school and the village. The girls at
school are given training in foods and clothing
adapted to their needs in home ma na gement, clean
liness, child care, improvement of the nomes and food
supplies, etc. In foods, the increasing of the
variety of the proper food and the preservation in
drying and canning vake an important part.
The village work consists or work among the
returned students and older Women, both in cooking and
sewing. classes met every Thursday afternoon and
home visitations were made three times a week.
The whole program of the school is worked out
more or less on a modified activity plan. The act
ivities chosen are those in which the pupil would
benefit the most in bettering himself and his living
conditions. The garden activity in the fifth and
sixth grades is an example. Both boys and girls
constructed a hot bed in the village. Then plots of
ground were prepared on each child' s farm, and gardens
were planted. The check- up of such a program on the
achievements show that our pupils measure favorably
when compared with other Indian schools as shown by
results of several standard achievement tests given
under Miss Lively' s supervision.
