6.
police commissioner and two prohibition officers who could
assist in the organizing of the ontire reservation, but until
this is done we cannot expect efficient work from the person
nel without a directing head. We were furnished during the
past year with an old- time prohibition officer, but who is
entirely laclding in organizing ability. The head of the
Law Enforcement Division, Mr. Mueller, has given full support
to us in this work but until adequately organizod, we cannot
expect the Law and Order work to proporly function.
Seotion Two.
Agricultural Development.
A.( 1)
For the past three years a systematic program of stock redus
tion has been in effoot and because of the nood for something
to replace the returns formerly received from the shoep and
stock owed by the Indians, our Extension force has given at
tention to the development of small traots for agricultural
purposes, both irrigated and dry farming, while experimental
work has been done adjacent to Toadlena on the east central
part of the reservation, for the raising of potatoes, oats,
and other crops, for which such mesa land is adapted. Small
acreages have been developed in the valleys while, as noted
in the following section, irrigation projects have increased
the agrioultural possibilities of the Navajos materially.
( 2)
Off the Reservation.
The entire Eastern Navajo section of the Reservation is made
up of checkerboard arrangements of the lands with Indian allot
ments intermingled with railroad and other lands and may be
considered as lands off the reservation. The same efforts
have been made upon these Indian allotments for farming ac
tivities to be carried on wherever possible and the sectional
fairs held in that part of the Navajo country last fall show
that great advancements have been made in dry farming there
which is the only method that can be used as no water for
irrigation is available.
B. The Use of Lands.
( 1) Forestry activities.
Attention is called to Page 27 of the Forestry Report for the
fiscal year, 1936, for further information with reference to
the activities in forest lines for the past year. We have had
a Forest Supervisor, with two Foresters, under the Agency per
sonnel, while a Forester and several assistants from the Soil
Conservation Service have been handling our forest resources
and were in active charge of the grazing on the reservation.
