5.suspended. The waste of time, the impoverishing of the peoplewho have to stand the expense, the tendenoy to keep alive theold superstitions and make the medicine man's influence strongand encourage reactionary practices is the argument againstthe" sing." They should be discouraged and suppressed, but itwill be a good many years before that can be accomplished in thissouthwest country. We have not made much progress with suppression work among the more enlightened tribes of the north.The marriage and divorce customs among the reservationIndians are left very much to the people themselves-- by tribalcustom as a matter of fact. Where one or the other of the parties are ex- pupils of the schools we try to make them complywith the State law even after they have contracted a marriageby tribal custom. When both parties are ex- school pupils weintend to make it compulsory to take out a license. Most ofthem know this and comply willingly. The geographical locationof the reservation-- being in three different states-- makes itdiffioult to carry out our plans in all ca888. In a number ofcases residents of Arizona are made to appear as" legal residents of Shiprock, New Mexioo" for purposes of matrimony. Ina few cases the Indian Court has granted dirorces to reservationIndians, or rather the court has decided that there was in certain ca888 sufficient cause according to tribal custom, to justify a divorce according to that ous tom.The religious work among the San Juan Nava jos is conducted by missionaries of four denominations. The Presbyterian,Methodist, Christian Reform, and the Roman Catholio, while theEpiscopalians conduct a hospital where much good is done for theNavajo8. The work with the pupile of the San Juan School andthe Indians in the vicinity of the Agenoy is conduo ted by Roverend C. L. Campbell of the Presbyterian Church. He has beenin the work for more than three years. The work of this churchin the Carrie'o and Red Rock communities buffered considerablyduring the period. A part of this work has been medical in thepast, and by reason of the war the church has been unable to fillthe vacanoy made by Dr. Bell's joining the colors more than ayear ago Mrs. Mumma, a practioal nurse, came from Pennsylvaniain November, and took over as much of the medical work as shecould handle, but of course is not equal to a physician. Afterseven years in the mission work at Carriso, Mr. Charles Flack5.