PLAY UP, PLAY UP, AND PLAY THE GAME
Besides being the only road to good health through exercise and
fresh air, participation in spprts plays a very definite part in our
social, mental, and emotional development.
Playing together with boys and girls of our own age teaches us to
get along with others, something we have to do all our lives. We learn
through this association to be good leaders and good followers and to
obey the rules of the game just as we inust obey the accepted rules of
life. At all times in any game a player must be mentally alert. He
must act quickly for the good of himself and his team; Kh finds that the
right play at the right time can win the game. I life it is true that
the right play as the right time helps us a c complish many things. Not to
let our feelings get the best of us is a good lesson to learn. An unus
ual display of temper or excitement ruins the fun and enjoyment of the
game. To give, accept, or question decisions gracefully is difficult.
Above everything we should never give up. Each of us knows that to get
around the bases, we must run fast and hard. A losing battle is often won
by perseverance. As the captain shouts in Sir Henry Newbolt' s poem," The
Torch of Life, we must splay up, play up, and play the game
SCHOLARSHIP CONTEST
Avalualbe Drofent was conducted in our school on April 30 when 265
students from seven different schools met to take scholarship examina
tions. Each student could write in one and not more than three subjects.
Examinations were given in 15 subjects,
This contest was sponsored by our seience teacher, Mr. John I.
Eichman: Much interest was shown by our local students as well as the
visiting students and was enthusiastically received by faculty members
as a positive means of motivating higher standards of scholarship,
The following is a summary of the total places and total points
scored by the seven participating schools.
School
5 Total places points 465
Taos F. S. 12 8
36
125
Santa Fe Indian
8 8
9. 5 40. 5 120. 5
Pojoaque con 16 10
10. 5 36. 5
9215
Loretto Academy
4 5
2
3
St, Mechael' s
3 2
Taos Indian
School for the Deal 0 1
14
5
a
58
Wron os
20
15
2
QUIZ KIDS 1948 BEST TEACHER CONTEST
Mnan
2. Escude of the
Miss Marie Jensen' s English classes submitted letters on the subject
" The Tgacher Who Has Helped Me The Most", in the recent Quiz Kids contest.
The following teachers were happily surprised to receive
" Certificates of Honor" for being nominated by students in Miss Jensen' s
English classes as the best teacher in the United States.
John I Fichman Nominated by Mary M. Cata and Eugene Keams
Marie Jensen
Nominated by Joe Cruz and one unknown
Margaret Kerwin Nominated by Catherine Sarracino and one of the
following: Bennie Gercia, Cecil Esquibal, Felix
Coriz, Edward Cordero, and Augustine Garcia,
Mary E. Killerlain Nominated by Robert Geronimo
Mary Mitchell
Nominated by Julian Mattinez
Esther Hansen
Nominated by Juanita Wuintana
•We congratulate these students for the recognition their letters
received by the. cuiz Kids,..
The above named teachers wish to express their appreciation to the
Cospe cte. vbos tudents for whedr certificates of honor
Wilma G. Ferguson Nomine tedyby Sefrina Herrera
35.
*, and
