27- Hopia stenographer's position, before the work may be done asexpeditiously and business- like as it should be. There is somuch paper work demanded under present conditions, in operatingso many different units on this reservation, that it is continuallygrowing as the institutions and units grow, making it necessary toput on this additional help to properly carry on the office workas the Office demands.Co- operation of Indians:-- we have a very friendly andefficient Navajo Council, which handles a very considerable lot oftrouble and gives the superintendent a great deal of help and moralsupport. We have one set of Hopi Judges at First Mesa. They aredoing good work, too. We need two more sets of Hopi Judges, oneset at Second Mesa and one set a Third Mesa. When their people passon their problems these Indians are accomplishing some thing towardlooking after their own affairs and aiding the Government in amanner, and from a source, that no other could approach it isvery effective whether on local matters or passing on matters inthe courts outside. One most problems the Council and Judges mayonly give their moral support to both the superintendent and thelaws of the state. There is a troublesome bunch of young hard- tocontrol Hopi Indians at Oraibi who wish to adninister the affairsof the reservation. They are troublesome persons who have beendisciplined and are under the leadership and influence of two HopiMissionaries" who fight the superintendent in every way possible-descendants of the old Oraibi people who caused the Government tosend in soldiers under General Scott several times.Segregation of the Tribes:-- This is a question continuallycoming up and causing comment and investigation. I think the timehas arrived for serious consideration and final action, either foror against it, by a Comission or Board. I am for segregation ifit may be done with justice to both tribes, and I believe it can.Some of the Hopis are getting so unfair and troublesome and soantagonistic to our agency regulations looking toward a fairadjustment of their tribal troubles and problems by localrepresentatives, that they will have to be ruled or governed by afirmer hand and placed under a separate agent by themselves in aterritory all their own. Owing to their present unreasonableattitude they do not deserve much consideration as to their wilddemands, but, taking into serious consideration their continualcomplaints against the Navajo and their desires to have them runoff the reservation, to segregate them would be only complyingwith their own wishes. Present undesirable conditions will getworse if this matter is not attended to. To give the Navajos a