1
1
ANNUAL REPORT
of the
Superintendent
MOQUI INDIAN RESERVATION, ARIZONA.
Nineteen se v en te e.
NARRATIVE SECTION.
The Moqui Indian Reservation, on which reside 2260 HOPI Indians
( corrected 1917 Census), and, it is estimated, between 2,000 and
2,500 Navajo Indians, was created by Executive Order December 16,
1882. The reservation includes 2,472,320 acres, bounded on the
north by a reserved tract known as the" Navajo National Monument,"
east by the Navajo( Fort Defiance Agency) Reservation; south by
tentative Indian allotments under the Leupp jurisdiction, public
domain, and the northeastern part of the Leupp Extension; west by
the Western Navajo Reservation. Roughly the reserve measures
56 miles east and west, 69 miles north and south; or, 3,863 square
miles in area. It may be interesting to note, when considering
this report that the Moqui Indian Reservation is larger than the
combined areas of Delaware, Rhode Island and the District of
Columbia; that it is 260 square miles larger than the Island of
Porto Rico; that it is one- fourth as large as Switzerland.
These comparative areas will go far to explain, in conjunction
with the facts on topography and climate, why it is difficult to
control the liquor traffic among Indians of the reserve, why the
livestock industry cannot be completely supervised without a corps
of men, as well as frequent delays in the carrying out of orders
and the making of reports comprehensively embracing the whole
reservation.
This Reservation was created for the benefit of the Hopi( or
Mo qui) Indians, and" such other Indians" as were residing thereon in
1882. Hence the population of Navajo. In fact, the Moqui area
is located practically in the center of the so- called" Great Navajo
Country," and its population of 2260 Hopi and Tewa, of the Pueblo
people, is surrounded by Navajo on the reservation itself as well
as the larger population of Navajo assigned to the Navajo Reserves
proper. The word" MOQUI" is a misnomer, and should never have been
applied to the reserve. It signifies" The Country of the Cowards,"
or" The Country of the Dead," since the term" moqui" is Hopi for
anything extremely unpleasant, dead, cowardly. A term of opprobrium,
and one very offensive to the Hopi people. It has several times been
suggested that good policy should dictate a change in this title.
The Moqui Indian Agency is located in" Keams Canon," close to
the eastern line of the reserve, and about 85 miles directly north
of Holbrook, Arizona, a town on the Santa Fe Railway. Holbrook is
