OUR PROPHECY
This is the year 1958. I have often wondered what happened to the
senior class of 1948. Where would I find information about them? Whilo
walking through down town Santa Fe, I find to my surprise a fortune
teller. She tells me that many things can be seen through a crystal
ball.
As we look into the crystal ball we see an old senior of the class
of 1948, Lucy Avila. After graduating Lucy had gone back to work at
Chief Weavers for a while. She then married her old high school boy
friend, Manuel Guiterrez. Manuel is a carpenter and works at his trade
in the Sandia Pueblo.
What is this I see??? Pauline Gomez who has kept the boys in the
class busy killing all the bugs and worms that crossed her path is a
professor of bugology in the University of Connecticut.
The crystal ball changes to a different scene. We see a lady scold
ing her children for being mischievous. To my surprise I found it to be
Connie Cata, a senior in the class of' 48. A month after graduation she
married a guy from Santo Domingo.
What' s that green stuff??? Or--- onions. Yes, Roselee Lucario upon
graduation moved to California, bought herself a patch of land and start
ed an onion farn..
As the secne changes to another we see a man teaching geometry.
Richard Hooma had confidence in himself to go on to school. He attended
Teachers' College in Flagstaff. After being graduated there he accepted
a teacher' s position at Keans Canyon,
A mista- oh now it is clearer-- I see Marie Lujan, she is a cook in
the White House. After becoming better acquainted with states sectets,
etc., she hopes to run for president of the United States.
The scene changes. We see a lady all dressed up in velvet clothes
and wearing Indian jewelry. She' s rounding up sheep. Her face is blurred.
I can' t see her clearly. Now itšs clearing-- my! Evangelista Jojola. She
had given up her ambition just for a certain Navajo guy to whom she is
now married. Vangie has had one of her old classmates as a neighbor--
Clara Keedah. After graduation she went home to take care of her sheep.
What' s this I see? Why it is Felicita Tenorio. She' s in church,
My after all these years she has learned to stay away while attending
religious$ taining.
The scene changes. I see Felemena Fena selling cosmetics. She has
learned to speak French and Faris is serving as bier headquarters.
Another mist-- what is it? Why could that be Clara Gomez? Sure is,
Who would have thought she would follow a stage car: eer?
The crystal ball changes to another scene. Here we see a head nurse
making her usual morning rounds with the doctor. Madeline Martinez had
entered at Ganado' s school for nursing. After graduation she accepted a
position at St. Monica' s in Santa Fe.
What now??? Why it is Myrtle Wilson. She is fore lady in the
Mescalero Candy Factory. Remember how she ased to nearly send the boys
in her class into bankruptcy buying sweets for her???
The scene changed to Dulce Boarding School. We see a ma tron check
ing on the girls, Dorothy Monarco after finishing high school went back
home an made good in the Dulce School.
The crystal this time shows Anna Antonne living in Cochiti. After
finishing nurses training she became a field nurse but gave it up for
Willie
.
Miss Reycita Bernal has become a successful manager of one of
Beeman' s chewing gum factories.
The schne changes to a city in another state. Here we see a
professor lecturing to a class of more than a hundred. A few days after
graduation, Sherwood Numkena joined the Army. After three years of
27
.
