Section IIISCHOOLS( Cont'a)during the school term, which materially retardedthe progress of the pupils. Those changes weremostly due to 111 health on the part of theteachers. There are three teachers at this school,and with one exception, I believe they will allreturn for the next berm.Quarters furnished the teachers and other schoolemployees are comfortable and adequate, and withbut one or two exceptions, are equipped with bathand electric lights.( b) Most of our Day Schools are located at considerable distances from any Public Schook, andtherefore no very close relationship exists botween them. Such dealings as we have with publicschool authorities however have been pleasant.12. Every offort is made to adapt our Day Schools tothe needs of the Indians of the Pueblos. Te feel it a part ofthe duty of each employee to establish and maintain friendly,cooperative relations with the Indian people, and at each ofour schools, such a relationship exists at this time. To findthe parents interested in the school, and willing in every wayto cooperate.13. The present Superintendent has been in chargeat this Agency only since March 23, 1930, and therefore is notin a position to compare results obtained this year with thoseobtained the preceding year.14. Practically all of the non- Indians living in thevicinity of the Pueblos of this jurisdiction are Moxican people,and these people and the Indians mingle freely.15. The expenditures for School activities at thisJurisdiction during the present fiscal year amounted to$ 49,822.00,against expenditures of$ 52,320.00 during the preceding fiscalyoar. The difference is due to the fact that two Day Schools,Cochiti and Domingo were transferred to the Southern Pueblosjurisdiction about the middl. of the fiscal year.016. Each of our Day Schools is equipped with playgroundequipment, including swings, slides, etc., and this equipment isvery generally used by the children.( a) Some supervision is given playgroundactivities.( b) No spocial equipment is available for theuse of the girls. Such equipment as isavailabl. is used by both the boys and girls.