( 3)Hopi Ind ian AgencySchools( contimed)The day schools among the Hopis have industrial hours every day for bothboys and girls. The girls do the mending and domestic work, the boys do agrogt deal of repairing around the plants keeping the plant and premises cleanand also ahopping the wood. They get diversified industrial training in thecourse of& year. The industrial training at the boarding school here for thebo ys are carpentry, painting, electrical and steam engineering, blacksmithing,gardening, mesonery, auto mechanics, truck driving, etc. The coursosfor thegirls are domestic art, home economics, cooking, sewing, native arts, etc.We still need considerable equipment for our day schools. Most of thisis in the school rooms which now have old, antiquated double seats. The equipment of the boarding school, of what we have, is first class. We need a littlebit more, which we are getting ech year with savings made from other departments.The efficiency, loyalty and cooperation among our employees, both schooland agency, is fine, above the ordinary. They are doing splendid work.fortunately we are very short of accomoda tions for both families and singlepersons.We need several small cottages for both agency and school employeeshere at the agency and at all the day schools. We need housekeeping quartersfor at least two people more. This is a very urgent ne ed. You can't do firstclass work with people unless you have them properly housed and cared for.( b) As I have said before, the relationshifoxisting between schoolson the reservation and the public school authorities are first class andvery effective.planThe day schools among the Hopis adapt themselves and work to meet theneeds of the Hopi communities and each one with its different problems, cementsthe community to the school to such an extent that the work of these schoolsare probably more effective and far reaching than any other school of theirclass in the United States. They are getting wonderful results through thisplace, especially in their health and home improvement work. The NavajoBoarding School at Kosms Canon is working under the same system with the ideain mind of having the school with its influence and its employees reach outand help the Navajo homes. We encourage the Nava jos to come in and make thisschool their school, to visit the class rooms and the different depertments,not only to see what we are doing with our school but to get interested inwhat we are trying to do for them. We believe we are having gratifying resultsalong these lines and that this school is helping the Navajos in the same mannerthat the day schools are helping the Hopis.During the past year we have put special emphasis on health work and webelieve this has been of material assistance in improving the health and sanitary conditions among the homes of both Navajos and Hopis. We think this healthwork the past year has had marked effect on the home conditions of these twotribes.