ity, and no Indians whatever made or had made any claim whateverto theplace or any part of it.After I had been living on the place about amonth J. S. Mahugh, an allotmentagent, came to Tuba City. He made hisheadquarterswith C. H. Algert, an Indian trader, never notifyingthewhite settlers of hiscomingor purpose, and it was only by accidentthatwe learned of his presenceand mission.He went immediatelyto the Indian settlementabout two miles south from Tuba City and, as we arenowinformed, commencedmaking allotmentsat once, without notice, hearingor any formalitywhatever so far as the American settlers wereconcerned.As for myself, I did not know he was there at all until after he had leftHe took no testimonywhateverfrom the white settlers, unless from Algert,who had at that time been there a bout six months, trading with the Indians in a tent. He is now living with an Indian squaw, under the rulesof the tribe his wife. After Mahugh had left, I learned from R. E.Sainsbury, one of my neighbors, that my land had been allotted to theIndians, and that a part of his also had been disposedof in that way.This was in August, 1892. As I have said, I did not see Mahugh at allon that visit. He returned, however, about March, 1893, and made somefurther allotments. He first attemptedto allot all of our farms andgrowing fields of grain, farms that had been cultivatedby our settlersfor more than 20 years, and declaredvery positivelythat he would do so.A committeeof fær mers waitedon him, protestingagainsthis proposedaction, stating their case, and asking for a hearing. At first he flatlydeclined to entertainit, stating that he had been sent there for thevery purpose of allottingthose particularlands, and that when he undertook to do a thing he always accomplishedit. He had not then asked us asingle question as to our rights and claims, and for that matter ourfarms and homes spoke for themselves, but regardlessof everythinghe stated to make the allotments. He told me at that time that he( Mahugh)" Had not put up this job, but that one Collins, a school teacher atMoqui, had devisedit." However, after our remonstrance, and a consultation with the Indians, he only made one more allotmentof our fanland, allottinga part of Joseph H. Lee's farm and orchard --land thatwas under fence and cultivationat the time of allotment, and that neverhad been claimed, workedor occupiedin the slightestdegree by any