Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency.
The leaks in this large reservoir are rapidly sea
ing up, and we expect to enter the winter this coming
season, providing the canal continues to operate, with
enough water stored to carry the schools through at
least the greater portion of the winter.
Shen this reservoir is sealed so that it will hold
water, which I am confident will happen within the next
year or two, each passing day bringing the desired re
sult nearer, it will be necessary to construct a fil
tration plant at the point of intake and at the same
tine, or before, some method of treating the water
for in jurious biological content must be devised, pro
bably at the outlet of the reservoir where the water
enters the pipes. Then, and not until then, will the
Shiprock schools have a respectable water supply. of
course, there is the possibility of securing water
by well- drilling. No. 17 well on the Rattlesnake oil
lease struck a large flow of water in the Navajo sands
This sand was encountered at a depth of 1400 feet and
ves about 700 feet in thickness. I an advised that this
flow of water is of excellent quality and quantity and
the Field Superintendent operating this oil field states
that there is every reason to believe that the same
Water could be had in a well drilled on the mess above
Shiprock and at a total cost of the well of approxi
me tely$ 27, 000. 00. The Rattles anko lease is eight miles
distant from Shiprock. This matter may be worth con
sideration, especially if anyone doubts the practicabil
ity of the reservoir. One thing is certain, until a
suitable water- supply can be developed, one that is
reasonably free from suspended matter, injurious bacte
ria, and nineral, the Shiprock schools will labor under
a most serious handicap, toilets will be out of order;
taps will leak; sewers will cause trouble; water- heaters
will be clogged and broken, and typhoid and other bowel
disorders will be an ever present danger.
Another serious need of the San Juan school and
Agency and Hospital is protection from possible floods
of the San Juan River. This menace was mentioned in
our reports for 1924 and 19 25 and has been the sub
ject of considerable correspondence, however, the cons
dition remains unchanged,
A third serious condition at the San Juan School
is the tendency of the school campus, farm, and garden
16
