entering
Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
10
25
to the Southern Ute School
to the Theodore Roosevelt School.
naking a total of 150 pupils to be transferred. Tater these
instructions were no dified and we are advised to transfer
only 50 to the Chas. H. Burke School, all to be boys, thus
reducing the number for transfer this year to 100. To date
the Phoenix quota has been filled and the Theodore Roosevelt
quota is nearly ready.
ork of the year in the academic department has been
successful; the
O Urse oi Study has been carefully followed
daily outlines of instruction have been prepared, and ad
vancenent oi pupils has been marked. This advanvenent has
been especially noticeable at the liesa Unit where a unique
condition prevailed, a condition that probably never ex
isted before and that in all probability ill never happen
again,- 220 children, ranging in age from 5 to 16, were
brought in from the camps and placed in this school. With
exceptions numbering fewer than a half dozen these children
Were anxious to come and their parents were pleased thrdth
the arrangement. These pupils all started on an equal foot
ing, not one of them could speak or understand a WTOrit of
English; not one of them knew even a little concerning the
customs of civilization, and almost without exception they
came with a fixed purpose, and from the day of their en
trance they have kept this purpose always in mind. They
came to acquire a working knowledge of English, to learn
to read and write, and to learn to read scales and to con
pute the value of the articles they have for sale,- Vool,
pelts, blankets, lambs, etc., all of which are usually
sold by weight at a pre- arranged valuetion per pound. They
have been and are the happiest most contented, most eager
most unconscious of self, most determined group of children
I have ever seen, and visitors, both official and others
have invariably made comments of E. imitar nature. All
being at par, there was none to laugh at mistakes; there
was not one retarding alernent, and the progress has been
renerkeblo. As has been stated conditions Tere uniue and
results altogether desirable
In our schools the girls are instructed in sewing,
both dress- making and mending, laundering, cooking, baking,
Weaving, nd hone training; the boys in Tarming, dairying,
ho, raising, poultry raising
shoe and harnes
repairing
gardening, blacksmithing, and carpentering. One half
hour three mornings of each week and one hour each Tuesday
evening is devoted to industrial instruction.
Good use is made of such play ground equipment as is
20
ATHER UNDERGRRRRRISBUREAU
