TA OS
Taos, northermost of all the pueblos of New Mexico, is
located eighteen miles east of fifty- four miles north of
the city of Santa Fe, with a good highway covering the
entire distance.
Population
723
Grant 17, 300 acres
Elevation 7200 to 3000 ft.
Tenorio 5696
Rainfall 10 to 15 inches.
Ta os holds prominent place in history 02 the Pueblo
people and, too, in the history of our country. It was
from Taos that Pope' disseminated his doctrine of rebellion
in 1680, which resulted in the expulsion of the Spanish
Colonists and the so- called pueblo independence from 16 so to
1692. A few years later Ta. os led a second revolt and in
1847 occurred the rebellion in which Governor Bent and
several others were killed. It was in this pueblo that Kit
Carson lived, their people became his people, near there he
died, and there he is buried. The best example of Pueblo
architecture, its two castellated five- story communal
structures, one south and one north of the mountain stream,
house respectively the summer people and the winter, the
necessary divisions in all rell regulated pueblos.
The extreme northern location subjected maos to
frequent attacles by the normadic tribes, and for mutual
protection against the Apaches, Comanches, and Utes, the
Pueblo accepted gratefully the advent of the Spanish,
Mexican, and American people as friends and allowed their
settlement on the grant area. Even before national occupation
of the great southwest a considerable acreage of their grant
was in possession of non- Indian people.
The Taos folk, like all pueblos, are an agricultural
people, cultivating and irrigating their small fields and
gardens from canals built centuries ago.. While the non
Indians have appropriated both land and water, this pueblo
has yet left them the largest body of agricultural lands of
the Northern Pueblos and fair appropriation of water for it.
There is seldom a shortage of water for the cultivated area.
The subsistence farming as practiced by the Pueblos
has required their actual field occupation for not more
than one Inundred days of the year. Outside employment,
