ZXZSZXZNZNIZNZNZNZNEClassStatisticsBy JOSEFITA CRUZThere are 52 members in the Class of 1931; 28 girls, and 24 boys.There are seven Navajo boys and six Navajo girls, totaling thirteen Navajostudents.There are 17 Pueblo boys and 22 Pueblo girls, 39 Pueblo students in all.The average weight of the girls is 108. 2 pounds. Their average height isis 60. 0 inches. They average 1. 8 pounds per inch in height.The average size of shoes is No. 3. 1.The average age is 18. 5 years.The average weight of the boys is 130. 1 pounds. Their average heightis 66 inches. They average 2 pounds per inch in height.The average size of shoes is No. 5. 6.The average age is 19. 7 years.The total weight of the girls is 3, 029. 6 pounds.The total weight of the boys is 3, 182. 4 poundsThe total weight of the class is 6, 212 pounds, or a little over three tons.The total height of the class is 3, 216. 5 inches, or a little over 1/ 20 of a mile.SalutatoryBy DONALDMAHKEWAHonorable superintendent, members of the faculty and friends:We, as the class of 1931, claim this pleasure of extending to you greetingsand a hearty welcome to our commencement exercises.We would not have achieved our aim in finishing school had it not beenfor the guidance rendered us so devotedly by our superintendent, our teachers,and instructors, who have labored by our sides with perfect understanding andwith such admirable patience, and who in time of need are our friends indeed.We have experienced many disappointments, made mistakes which werenumerous, and often we felt as if lost at sea. Friends, then it was you whowere the surmounters of the difficulties and obstacles with which we wereconfronted at such times. This, we appreciate greatly and we express ourdeepest gratitude to you for your generous support.Unfortunately, many of our comrades are not here with us to share ourjoys today. We are with them in sympathy.This commencement brings us to the gateway through which we mustpass into a larger world. Commencing here each member journeys alone. Hardships may be expected and yet, there will be joys, but with the encouragementand inspiration from you, may we keep steady, keep true, as we carry ourloads along life' s pathway and aspire on to higher and nobler things, and now toyou, that your efforts in helping us to gain our goal is not in vain, in thename of the class of 1931, let us again extend to you a hearty welcome to ourcommencement.