Annual Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency.
the existence of any reservation influence that is seriously
opposed to the hospital. It is true that Indians fear a house
in which a person has died, and Navajos are no exception to
this rule, but I note that this does not prevent them from
bringing to the hospital such patients as thoy desire to bring
in. Of course the influence of some of the medici en men is
opposed to the hospital and to the ninistrations of the white
physician, but not more so than it is opposed to the schools
and to overything else that tends to elevate and civilize
the Indians
There is incorporated herewith a report from Dr. James
D. Kennedy, who has been with the Navajos for a great many
years, and who for the past four years has been employed at
the Toadlena Boarding school, where he attends to the needs
of the school end as much of the reservation as he is able
to reach. He is active and conscientious and familiar with
conditions. The report follows
The general health of school and Agency
has been good. The children have been able to
attend school the major part of the time and
as far as I am able to judge the health con
dition is rather in advance of former years,
During the year there have been epidemics
in the school and community of unps, chicken
pox, meals, and influenza, Measles very nearly
ran its course in this part of the reservation
during the year 1924- 25. During the year we have
had 66 cases of mumps, 51 cases of chicken pox
and 150 cases of influenza. In the community
We have responded to calls when our attention
has been called to the need and many have come
to the dispensary and requested treatment or
asked for medicines
The general sanitary conditions of the res'
ervation and around the Inaian homes has been
improving from year to year. As I am writing
this an Indian woman called for medicine and I
put the question to her. She is a returned student
who has lived in this community for many years
2nd she knows conditions well, both present and
former, and she fully concurs in t he above state
ment that conditions in the home and on the res
ervation are continually improving
There has been no regular sanitary inspection
nor any special work done in this direction as
it would be impossible wi th the present force of
employees, which is limited to myself, to do much
