Health( Continued)Hopi Indian Agencyyears has been wonderful and very effective. In fact, it has brought themost favorable comment from vi stors and officials from the outside. Theagency hospital, I am sorry to state, has not reached 40% efficiency sinceI have been here. It is finely equiped and a splendid institution. Thehelp in it has been first class but we have drawn failures in the physiciansfield here to mana ge it or to oversee medi cal work. Fortunately we have hada very go od men, Dr. Shields, at Oraibi. In this connection I am glad tostate that at present things are yestly more encouraging. We have a new menat Oraibi, Dr. Ander son, and a new men in charge of the hospital here, Dr.Lyrwalter. It looks to me as though we are going to do some thing now-- Icertainly hope so, as what the people need very badly is medical attentionand a sympathetic medical advisor. The health work of the schools on thereservation, especially the day schools with their community meetings, havehad very fine and effective results. They are doing a fine health work amongthe Hopis. It can't be beaten. We have had very favorable comment on thiswork throughout the past year.The most urgent need for continuing the health work on the reservationat the present time is to have Dr. Ross finish up his survey among the Navajos,which will take a bout three or four months. Then the Office should give usField Matrons with stations, at least four among the Nava jos in the Navajocountries, to work under the two physicians of the reservation. This woulddo for the Nava jos what we are now doing for the Hopis. There is no atherway to extend the medical service to the Nava jos and this should be done atthe earliest possible moment.We have used the fold metrons the past year especially in our healthwork and they have been of vast assistance to the principals in treating fortrachome, both adults and pupils. We have also carried out an intensiveprogram for home improvement and the improvement of health and feeding amongthe babies. We feel that we have done especially well along the se lines forthe past year. The laundri es and the bathing facilities added to each yearare very materially assisting those better results. The Field Matrons havea great influence over the Indian women and they are getting them to feelthat the Field Matrons are especially interested in their problems and theirhome cond it ions.. I believe each year we see a large number of homes actuallytrying to reach the standard set by the Field Matrons. Visits to these homesdi sc lose the fact that they are all improving gradually so far as the Hopisgo.This is almost entirely due to the influence of the Field Matrons alone.The Field Ma trons visit every family in every tillage at least once awoek. Their schedule calls for two visits a week. Now, this is only amongthe Hopis. We have no metrons among the Navajos.