-2Health( Continued)Hopi Indian Agencyof f. B. cases should be established at Oraibi. This is a wonderful climateand location for such an institution. We could fill it immediately withat least a mandred patients who will not leave the reservation to obtainpro per end adequate care. Dr. Warner has strongly recommended such an institution.( c) The only way we are able to handle T.B. patients is to gettheir consent or their par ents consent to send them away to a sanatorium.We have sent a number of young people during the past year away to Phoenixand other sanatoriums but most of the people will not leave the reservation.This is a serious situation for we have no way to give them any care orattention on the reservation, our agency hospital not being equipped forhandling T.B. patients. I am sorry to state that we have quite a numberof children of school age who have been returned from the non- reservationschools in sad and poor health condition through the attack of 7.B. forwhich we can do nothing except to issue malted milk and other medical supplies through the Field Matrons. A member of these lives could be savedif we had a sanatorium on this reservation.( a)It would not be practicable to establish any tent hospital( e) There has been no influences, except inefficiency and indifferene of physicians, to prevent maximum usefulness of the Agency hospital.This hospital, with the field we have among the se Indias, should be filledat all times. At present it is better managed than ever before and givesencouragement to the belief that we will soon be reaching our maximum efficiency.I am very glad to report that so far as my knowledge goes, we have verylittle veneroal diseases on the reservation.She is now( a) we only found one case of syphilis this past year.being treated off the reservation by an outside physician.( c) There is no need for any campaign against these diseaseshere, although I have taken the matter up wi th State au thorities severaltimes and they seem to be willing to help me in connection with same incase I needed ther assistance.The health and medical work during the past three years on this reservation, so far as the agency hospital and the physician here has been concerned, has been more or less a joke. Since I came here three years ago,we have had no physician who made any serious attempt to properly organizeand conduct our agency hospital. The pastybar we were very unfortuna te toget a very indifferent and useless men as agency physician. If anything,his work hurt rather than helped us. The work of Dr. Ross with the assistance of the principals and Field Matrons on this reserva tion the past two