O
Thin crudo( ono scotian) The work of this grado was carried ou
through correlatia of il mai joato. Ronalt. « reading tests showed
that the papel had a wide range of comprobanta ad reading ahult.
Therefore, the pupils were divided into the groupe. Group I worked
as the com is a drop II, hat did more advanced work. In those wito
an atteggt w made to show how onoh nationality i. depondant upon the
food, dothing, Impronats, ote., of other nationalities. In thi.
study, russo end their homes varo mentioned. The oral disorociou of thi.
work lad to the making of booklets. Most of the aithmetio prodlo
were made by the pupils ad non based on the child's own experience
in buying and rolling. Group I could carry on the work outlined in
only the simplest form, wd road only a few stores in the regular text.
Fourth Quade( om. Section) the popilo were divided into two groups.
All subjects were taught through correlation. The formy of the
United States wus wood as the foundation an diel to walk the other
otudla. Special attention mo. Anu to mamou. Mhead of the fault
work was oral a nouodon. During the 2000nd nomeeter, booklets on
health more nade, otroudag ways in watel popil. could help toir parents
to better how condition.. May mupplementary readers were wood. The
stories were based posmarily on topion malating to Mistory, geography,
and myelom.
Mirth and Sixth Grades: Theo elasnes organised a city. More
ivities of oity povarnaat were carried on. This guatly encouraged to
free we of India. There alasvas do published a nehool paper thich
was a meat stimulua in the wo of thella and in aning faetual meu
lodge, saco the pupils investigated and reported by miting artheles
on Cronapolat asta.
Muste: All pupils war tonght roto vong. Many songo were corro
lated with school astirities. Jamaiation, pronunciation, parasing,
ansion, and tono quality were stresnod. u the lat, tad, and Srd,
grados, the development was taught by singles cames, folk dances,
hand elapping, meraking, running, and skipping to mesto. A rythu band
was erained, and proved pusy Tluable in teaching ryth. In the
upper grades, so the was taught by mroking, olqping hande, dppiak,
and running to musie. the vetrola ad piano r. wed ia touching mundo
appreciation. A bogning was made in touching stories of operus of
interest to children, ad in the recognition of Internents of the band
and orchestra.
Art: Pupils roro taught roomition and no ot perisy and second
ary colors, construction of levajo doll., mad Jointed toys, ficar
draning, free- hand paper cutting and touring, letter cutting, applied
Indian dosta, postar making, boolelotuudne, ofloloth toys, con
position plasques, landscape dra dag, flower dran ng alay modeling,
pottery dosia, Indian dosis of other tribes, stengil work, oto.
Pupils worked in pensil, orayon, and water color. A few papilo wod
oilo.
