-8
Sec. 5 Forestry
Some forty- five Inai ans have worked inter
mittently during the past year in hewing ties for
sale to the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, paying a
stumpage price to the tribe for the timber out. Con
siderable controversy has been had as to the Justice
the charge for stump age, and details were furnished
the Indian Office of the days worked, number of ties
hown, and the amo in ts to be received by each Indian,
during several months' work. It was determined by
these rigures that an Indian could make from$ 1.30 to
$ 2.10 per day for this class of work. Thile that may
appear to be reasonable wages for an Indian, it is
contended that consideratly larger Wages are paid for
expert work, which this is considered to be. Tie makers
in this country and elsewhere earn from three to five
or six dollars a day, and sometimes even more than that;
and there is no apparent reason why an Indian who shows
officiency ahould not prof it thereby. At any rate, the
Indian is coming to realise that he is not getting su
ficient remuneration for the hard work and exposure that
he has to endure in tie making, and will not work at it
1r any other work can be found in the neighborhood.
( The figures given above are for the actual
days that the Indians work, and do not include days
spent in getting rood for his family, coming to the
agency for pro visions, etc., so that his actual earn
ings are really much less than the labor er receives
at the agency for common pick and shovel work. Their
work is close to the stores and they los. no time in
going for provisions, etc.)
On account of the large number of narrow guage
ties that were made by the Indians in individual tio mak
ing, and due to the fact that the railroad company to
which those ties were sold requires eighty per cent of
all ties purch ased to be standard guage, it was found
neces sary to use the saw mi llnto make standard guage ties,
which afterwards proved to be a very prof itable engage
ment for the mill. It employed numer ous Indians in cut
ting logs, etc., and at the end of the year it was found
that in addition to paying a U the expenses of the mili,
a profit vas made of some twelve or thirteen hundred dol
lars. Unfortunat ely, however, in the absence of the
Sawyer on Decoration Day, the greater portion of the
