Santa 7e, W.M., July 28, 1924.-18.with the funds and personnel available. I have hadmany talks with Mr. Robinson and Ir. Vomack about thismatter, and they are both very anxious to cooperate inevery possible way. Under Mr. Robinson's instructionsa campaign has been started in the San Juan jurisdictionto develop springs, under the direction of a very compe tent man named Biggs, who has already demonstratedthe fact that there are numbers of small springs inthat area which can be made into very effective waterings.Through the central portions of the reservation,especially in the Nava jo jurisdiction, numbers ofwalls have already been installed, but few of thesewatering places are properly equipped and ma in ta ined.This is largely due to the fact that there are notenough men a yailable with the present funds to properlylook after these waterings after they are installed,ofwith a statedaffopraktor bushyn รก cestawales derreosAnand CAHIt has been expected that after these wells andtanks were put in, the Indians themselves would do agood deal of the maintaining of the plants. They dohelp some and are willing, under direction, to do whatthey can do; but they cannot safely be given the responsibility of keeping up these waterings. They seento have no idea whatever of detailed thoroughness insuch matters. It is quite out of the question to avoidthe deplorable waste and inefficiency in range stockmanagement in an arid country such as this, if stockwa terings- expensive to install- are not constantlycared for and carefully main ta ined. Notwithstandingthis, many of the artesian and pumping well plants inthe Navajo country are more or less run dow simplybecause they are not properly kept up. Troughe areoften insurficient and unprotected; tanks and reservoirs are boggy and unfenced; and windmills after outof commission. It is quite impossible with the fieldforce and equipment now available that this shouldbe otherwise. It is a difficult situation which shouldsome how be remedied.Room, Buttamir Lacedare his mothcronica terrenitu cot ofMaintenanvall poyableout of this fundIt requires a good deal of thought, ingenuity andexpense to equip plains waterings, whether flowing orpumping wells, springs, or tanks, for both cattle andsheep, and any great increase in Bava jo cattle wouldelumes willit mandenance cost will like all of the appir& methe