Annual Report, 1926.
San Tuan Agency.
Prior to 1923 the only water available, from Decem
ber to March inclusive, was pumped from a surface well.
This well is still in use. Prior to the fall of 1925 it
developed water in quantities sufficient for the needs
of the school. However, nothing
could be said in favor
of its quelity except that it was wet. It was not fit
for human consumption
, the clothing came from the laundry
to all appearances more dingy and less fit for use than
it was when taken to the laundry; beams and articles of
that nature could not be cooked therein; when used in
the greenhouse, it killed all vegetation with which it
caine in contact. It was so full of salt and other mineral
that all faucets, bibs, and other valves developed leaks
within a Tew days of installation and required almost
daily repair. Water pipe had a life of only a few years;
pressure water heaters were eaten through front the inside
in even less time; steam boilers failed to resist its
corrosive qualities and were continually needing repair.
It was wet and would extinguish fire if available in
sufficient quentities,
which it seldom was. Beyond this
it possessed no commendable qualities
In 1925 a drilled well was completed that developed
a very limited quantity of water heavily impregnated with
sulfur. In the late fall of the same year a concrete
reservoir was constructed in close proximity to this well
into which the well was caused to discharge. This reservoir
was connected with the stean pump and iron it the accu
mulated water was pumped to the service reservoir on the
hill above the school. The production of this well proved
so inconsequential
that the plan was abandoned after the
winter of 1925- 24 and this rell was directly connected
with the laundry, since which time the only water used in
the laundry
has been that produced by this well, a plan
that has proven entirely satisfactory so far as the laun
dry is concerned.
As has been stated above, prior to 1923 the only water
available during the winter months came from this surface
wo11 which we have described. During the remainder of the
year water was secured from the Hogback irrigation canal
by gravity, this water passing airoctly from the canal
into the pipes, without settling, without filtration
, and
without chemical treatment. At all tines it carried in
suspension a tremendous amount of silt and sand and at no
time was there any assurance that it was biologically fit
for human consumption. What the salt and other mineral
contained in the water of the surface well mentioned above
13
