1
1
1
1
( 5)
The last letter on this subject was dated August 6, 1917. No allot
ment of funds was made during 1916-17 for new buildings. It should be
stated too that, owing to the close of the Moqui Boarding School
( awaiting a decision as to repairs or rebuilding) quarters for the
Agency employes at hand are not sufficient.
The Mooui Stockman( carried as" Superintendent of Livestock") has
no quarters provided, and has been lodged abott, from pillar to post,
for a number of years. There has been considerable correspondence
too concerning those men necessary to a proper handling of the range
stock problems. The so- called" Farmer" of the Indian Service does
not fit this work. On the one hand, it is hoped to procure at some
time men qualified to take up stock- handling by districts, while on
the other, there is wonderment as to their lodging. Men cannot
exist on this range in winter in tents.
Therefore a Headquarters Agency Cottage should be provided for
the Head Stockman, and provision made for those men( who are usually
of family) who will supervise the districts.
The sixteen regular Agency employes allowed, together with the
miscellaneous Agency employes( field matrons, etc) are sufficient
for the work--- save that at least two capable stockmen should be
appointed in place of the so- called" Farmers." This corps is
sufficient, IĒ the roll was ever filled. At the present writing
the Agency has the benefit of eight persons employed out of 16
needed. In addition to the competent stockmen, the reservation
needs Physicians. There are four( 4) doctors allowed this Agency,
and plenty of work for them to do, as the 1917 measles epidemic and
the 1916-17 Smallpox visitation, will indicate; but the positions
are not filled. “ In 1915 the Moqui Superintendent persuaded the
Indian Office to grant his jurisdiction a fourth physician position.
The authority for same was issued, but there has never been an
appointee to the place.
With respect to employes, too, consideration of the necessary
interpreters should be had. In work of this kind, especially among
the Navajo, competent interpreters are vitally needed. It is a flat
impossibility to procure an educated Navajo for$ 300 per anmum in
this day and age. A Navajo can make$ 300 by seiling 800 pounds of
wool, or the clip from little more than 200 sheep. It is hopeless
to expect service on such a basis, and therefore the Moqui Agency
has been for two years or more without a Navajo Interpreter.
The paragraph above gives one reason why difficulty is experienced
in maintaining proper law and order among the Navajo. So long as
a superintendent is compelled to rely upon Indian Traders for inter
pretation, the Indians will remain suspicious of advices. The chief
difficulty encountered during the past several years is, however,
WHISKEY, imported by the Navajo themselves, consumed by them, and
the realization by them that no direct forceful decisive steps have
been taken to punish THEM. The Indian Police are ineffective when
recruited from the Hopi, because of the old enmity between the peoples,
and the fact that a Navajo is not at all afraid of a Hopi however armed
by commissions and justice of his cause.
