( 9)
wornout, as has been the case here, and procure a rest through
the quitting process, there is no assurance that substitutes
will be promptly furnished through the regular channel; ana
it is impossible in this desert to hire temporary clerks.
The result is that a large part of regular administration and
intelligent direction of range problems also take an enforced
rest, while the super intendent land other employees if available)
become quasi- clerks, in order that the grist of reports and
never- ending reports be furnished the Indian Office to indicate
that something is being a one, whereas veryoften nothing progressivo
and effective is being done.
The boundaries of the reservation have never been surveyed,
and are therefore not posted. This affects administration.
The Agency has no communication with the railroad and its
freight receiving point, other than a three times weekly mail
service that becomes, so soon as snow flies and mud is produced,
& three times monthly or yearly mail service. The work of the
Agency was practically throttled by this lack of service during
November and December 1918, and January, February and March 1919.
Lack of employees incident to the War prevented the building
of a telophone line to the mesas( Hopi), the day schools and
fiela stations for ma trons and physicians. The equipment is at
hand, but this line is quite 50 miles long, and cannot be built
in a week. The summer of 1919 should show a satisfactory method
of communication to the Hopi locations on the reservation.
At relatively slight expense this line can be extended to the
sheep dipping plant and one other Navajo location. It will then
be necessary to place the Moon Agency in communication with
the outside worla. During the epidemic of Spanish Influenza
it was not possible to dopend on this mail service( or lack of
efficient communication called a service) and the Superintendent
had to maintain his own communioation with autos. So long as
there is no road appropriation and no means of prompt communica
tion, the Agency business which concerns the best interests of
Indians very closely, will continue to suffer.
During 1918 the super intendent paid this matter considerable
attention when in the East. It has been the subject of many
letter reports. When a decent road out of this country is
built, it should be built to the town of WINSLOW, Arizona, as
that is the shortest and topographically the natural route;
the telephone line should go to Winslow, and all Government
freight should be received at Winslow. Intil this general
mixup, incident to freight be ing split( part to Holbrook and
