-2Schools.boarding school here is a wonderful help toward improving thehome conditions of the Nava jos but with practically no laws toback us up in a strict stand for moral and legal marriageswe are up against it to make very much progress against theold customs and loose marriage system of these Indians.are doing everything we can to improve these bad conditionsand can see good results from our efforts, which is encouraging.I believe that the past year has seen considerable progresstowards better conditions among these Indians.All Hopi children are in school excepting a few overeighteen who refuse to go to school. We still have some ofthe Navajo children out of school. We are making a strongeffort to get all of these in school this fall. We arecontinually after the Navajos to put their children in schooland we are using every effort to get them to do this. It isimpossible to use force except in a few instances.( b) Wedo not have any incorrigible pupils.( c) As stated above,the conditions of returned students give us great concern.We make every effort to keep them in school as long as wepossibly can, to get them work when they graduate, or getthem work off the reservation after they return home. Wekeep constantly after this matter and the field matrons area great help to us in placing these returned students in familiesoff the reservation or in industries around the railroad wherethey can make a good living. Our severest handicap in thiswork is the indifference of the parents or the open hostilityof the older Indians to any action which takes these youngboys and girls off the reservation to stay. oftentimes wefind these Indians have a great influence over these returnedstudents, enough to prevent them from doing what they shouldto use their education.We follow the regular outlines of instruction in boththe Navajo boarding school and in the day schools, meeting therequirements of the course of study. During the past yearconsiderable equipment for all the school rooms has beenpurchased and installed and next year we want to do betterwork than ever. The past year has seen a number of changeswith more or less friction in the Navajo boarding school whichhas prevented best results in this particular school. Thebooks on the annual estimate blanks are fine for our purpose.We will have more funds next year for these books and hopeto have plenty to do our work with.