a
SECTION V. General Agonoy Administration
.
4. Law and Order. The problem of proventing
the sale of liquor to our Indians
is till with us. By periodio raids upon roportod bootloggors
adjacent to the
reservation
ve attempt to stop it as much as possible. To a considerablo
ex
tent vo are successful, but prosecution
of violators seldom results in ponal
tios sufficient
to doter thom from a continuation
of their activities
. No aro
indebted
to Spocial officer Lowe for assistance
in our efforts, and shall con
tinue to be& vigilant
as possible
. Local trouble between Indians is very
soldom experienced
, and we are able to cope with matters of this kind. None of
our Indians engage in the manugacture
of intoxicants, and they are not addicted
to the use of drugs.
B. Repairs and Upkeep. The ner Diesel electric unit has been completed and is
giving very satisfactory
service, General upkeep of buildings has occupied
the entire time of the Agency carpenters
and some irregular labor. Cottages have
boon repaired, old heating systems replaced
, and other nocossary
repair work
done. Two small quarters for laborors have been completed.
C. Organization
. I wish to repost my recommendations
for the establishment
of
positions
of Interpretor
and Mechanie. Very for of our Indians are able to
speak English, and unless we are able to find some Indian who can speak English
standing around outside the offico we cannot understand
what individuals
want
when they come it. Al together too often it happens that the one we have to use
as an interpreter
cannot handle Englis any too well himself, and the result is
di satisfaction
on the part of both the Indian and the administration
. We need
a full time interpreter
, one of the younger educated Indian men, who could be
used to advantage around the Agency whon not actually engaged in interpreting
.
The position of Mochanic that I have been constantly
recommending
is an absoluto
nocessity
. With ten cars and trucks in constant duty, two track laying type
tractors, and three farm tractors, as well as stationary enginos, sawmill, and
other equipment, we have to employ an irregular laborer all of the time to do
ropa ir work of this kind. When such employee is not engaged in the actual re
pair of this equipment he is used as a truck driver and assistant in general
repair work, such as plumbing, blacksmithing
, etc. The situation will have to
be faced by the office at some early date, and it might as wall be nov, for the
establishment
of this position would not entail additional
funds, as the money
nom used to pay an irregular laborer could be used for this position, and then
To would have a pormanont
employ.. who could be charged with greater responsi
bility and would better understand
the requirements
of our equipment.
