Andrew VictorinoLateria Waconda- ani.meJR,noutWow! I actually made it through high school. Finally!There are many people I want to thank for helping meget this far. First, and most important, the woman whoraised me to be who I am today, my mother for herguidance and love. My grandma for never letting mequit. I love you Baba! My aunts Nerissa and Roxannefor their continued love and support. All of you aremy mothers and I hope I can become the successfulson you wish me to be. Next my father and his familyfor everything they gave me. My older brother, Jonas,for teaching me how to live. My grandpa Monroe forhis encouragement, all my younger siblings I' m doingthis for you! I LOVE YOU ALL! Big brother will alwaysbe there. My teacher, teachers are important. Now formy friends. First my Acoma friends: Brandon, Luke,Reynaldo, Brian, and Merle. I can never forget aboutyou guys. My cousin Merete and my best friend Eric.Thanks for always being at my side. Here at SFIS, Isay goodbye to JR, my eyes and ears. Chris Coriz, mydo- to- guy. Kenneth" Buddha" Nieto, my jester. Leonand Malcom, my minions. Leilani, Tasha, Elvinathanks for everything. I say good- bye to the roughnecks. Sox' s roughnecks. To those not mentionedthanks. I will see you all in the long run. Semper Fi.Well, first of all I would like to thank mygrandma Dot and my Daddy for always beingthere for me with all the support you had. ILOVE YOU! And to my friends Dee, Nikki,Juana, Ashwey, B and Timmi thanks for thelaughs. To my roommates Chels& Rissa: DOYOUR WORK! Also to Rose thanks for beingthere and encouraging me. To my lil' sisTamie- you can do it. And to my K- birdthanks for encouraging me, you' re my everything I LOVE YOU! Last but not least to theclass of 2005, we made it! Best ofluck to all ya' ll Peace out!1.- illhighpuldilySSFIS-rt. 1theShanena WalelaJenny Wasetanyforrdsuldpodthejuysa' ll.My years here at SFIS have been a great experience.Coming to school here has helped me to become responsible, educated, confident, and happy person. Living in thedorms has made me feel closer to dorm staff and otherSFIS staff, like I was at home. I realized how important it isto listen to the advice that teachers and staff might have tooffer. It really helps a lot, especially when feeling down andconfused. There are always people here to talk to who care.My advice to students is to work and respect the staff,other students and yourself. Believe in yourself and followyour heart and what you believe in. Accomplish all you canbecause high school does not last long. Before you knowit, you' ll be writing your last words too. I would like tothank all the people who gave me confidence and encouragement to do well inside and outside of school. I wouldespecially like to thank my loving parents, Edison( Sugar)and Shirley Walela. Thank you for always being there tocomfort, love, support and appreciation. I would also like tothank my two best friends: Gabrielle Bird and Rachel Coriz.Thank you for always being there to help me through roughtimes and also being there through the happy times. I thankthe SFIS staff such as Paul Herrera, Jennifer Guerin, andPat Schubuer and many more for giving me the best adviceto help me with my future. I plan to go to college and pursue a career in physical therapy. I hope sophomores,juniors, and seniors to be the best and I wish them the bestof luck. Thank you all again, Elakwa. Class of 2005 all theway!!My four years in high school have been fourmemorable years. Thanks to a number of peoplewho have influenced me, encouraged me andhelped me be who I am today. Thanks in largepart to my family, parents, my wowo, and lategrandfather, you have pushed me to do my best. Iappreciate everything you' ve done for me, thoughI may not always say it" I Love You". To all mysisters, Evonne for your caring heart, Sandra foryou craziness, Kyra for always being there,Amanda thanks for everything; I love you guys,my only little brother. Love you goober. For thepeople who have made my four years memorable;John, Gavin, Eric, Connie, past and present roommates, and the people from 8th grade that helpedme come out of my shell. If I forgot to nameyou sorry, but thanks for all the laughs andgood times. To the teachers and dorm staffthanks for all you' ve done and helped me nanyway you could. To my fellow seniorswhat can I say?" WE MADE IT". Underclassmen work hard and it' ll all pay of inthe end." It is because things are difficultthat we do not dare: it is because we donot dare that they are difficult" SenecaLiz,ForvishNSEric WillieothpodingI would like to thank my mom for all thethings that she has done for me and forputting up with me all these years. I loveyou mom! I would also like to thank mydad and step mom for all the support thatyou guys have given me. I love you guys!Grandpa and Grandma thank you! I loveboth of you! Joe thank you! You helped mea lot, you always told me to work hard, notto fall behind, and that pain is what makesyou a better athlete. Thank you for all thesupport! For my fellow classmates, now it' stime to go our separate ways.Thanks to my friends for all thelaughs& good times, and to theother who I didn' t speak to; maybeI' ll see you around. Classmates: golive your lives to the fullest! Go andaccomplish your goals and dreamsand don' t stop until you have reachedthem. PEACEchebelI' mThe time has come for me to say goodbye tomy friends and peers. When I first came toSFIS I did not like it here but now I find it hardto believe it' s almost over. Enjoy everyday ofhigh school because it goes by very fast,before you know it you' re a senior trying todecide on work or college. It can be very scary,so just take it one day at a time. In the shorttime I have been here, I have made some reallygood friends, had some high times, had somelow times, made some good decisions, madesome bad decisions, all in all I have enjoyed ithere and will never forget it.Always live life to the fullest, never give up onyour dreams and goals, and never have regrets.I want to say thank you to my aunt and myuncle, my mom, my grandma, my cousins, andmy friends- if it weren' t for you I would not behere today- Always and Forever- Wolf" Come on guys, time to rise, were the class of2005"I would like to thank my family; distance is never a factor for their love. Stuart, Peanutz, and Jayriah foralways finding new ways to make me smile ands showing me unconditional love. Next I would like to thankREAL friends who have been there since freshmanyear; Belinda, Joycelyn, Jenna, and Marvalenia. To mynew friends Mella, Liz, Antoinette, and Sherelle. Thanks,each of you, for the hard laughs and long talks. My Pie,believing in me has been the strength to carry methrough what I can' t conquer alone. My sunshine, foryour words of wisdom that shows me the silver liningin the clouds that come my way. My dime, for understanding what I need to do for myself and not holdingme back. To my teachers and the staff for all your effortand stress in putting up with me. To my graduating class, we did it! All of you that I didn' tmention, but have been part of my life; youknow who you are, thank you from the bottomof my heart. Last and most special, you arenever forgotten, Rest in Peace Ben." Be yourown palace or the world' s your jail."SFISSDanelle YazzieElvina Yazzie20UnsecesneSFISy is