13- Hopimade by these Indians for feeding during winter. The climatebeing mila, they graze their stock winter and summer', withoutshelter, herding it during crop season. Our reservation was infine condition this spring so everything had a good startevenlarbs.We have no tribal herd, and conditions on our reservationare decidedly unfavorable for carrying on any dairy industry. DOnot recommend any dairy excepting purchasing a few cows to givemilk for hospital use. We have no dairy herd at all. These fewCows would be a good object lesson to Indians who, here and there,might be able to own and take care of a good cow. The Indians asa rule do not have sufficient funds to maintain milk cows. Theydo not take proper care of milk cows, or give to them the attentionthey have to have. There is no forage raised in this country nowfor such animals.The blanket weaving and basket and pottery making ofthese Indians are bringing in more money each year, and they havea good market for everything they make, and at a very good price.In fact, these native arts and crafts are making these Indiansabsolutely independent. Market on blankets and other handicraftwas poor for a period this year, but traders keep buying just thesame.The work of returned students as compared with otherIndians is not what it should be, from the fact that the returnedstudents are unable to get work on the reservation and they verymuch dislike to go away from their people to start out in new andstrange communities. They are also handicapped in these respectsbecause their parents will do anything they can to hold them onthe reservation, even when they have to support them or maintainhomes for them.We ave no farmers or industrial teachers on thisreservation. We have two stockmen, one looking after or workingentirely among the Indians in regard to their stock and cropmethods, the other having charge of the dipping, fencing, andconstruction work, etc. They are doing excellent work. Thereservation is too large for proper handling or efficient work bytwo stockmen. There should be at least four stockmen, and thereservation divided into four districts. Our two stockmen aregetting very good results, but their hours are long and theirdistances to travel too far.We have introduced several new crops, new plants, andtrees on this reservation this year. The Indians have been