Kyra LovatoJanessa MartinezFirst of all, thank you to all my teachers and dormstaff for helping me get this far. CBEM staff Matt,Smokey, Ericson for helping me find my future, forall the words of advice. To Kendra, Sai, Manda, Bird,Joser, Eric, and all my other friends for all the funtimes and laughs. To Jon C, Gavin, Jenny for all thecrazy times in Bee' s class. My Silly Goose for thebest years in my life I will cherish for life thanksLove Ya lots. My sisters Jenny for everything, Elvirafor helping me to believe in myself. You' re my angel,my living miracle. To my family for all your supportin everything. The two most important people in mylife, my parents. Words can' t expresshow grateful I am of both of you. Loveyou both. To SENIORS hope you allmade the most of the past years.Good luck in life. Remember to dreambig reach for the stars." 2005" BABY!!By the way SENIORS you all looked socute in the Baby Pictures WHAT HAPPENED!!1132E SFIS 3FRSFISEMarvin MartinezLeilani Mettebaay aI, Marvin Martinez, would like to thank all theteachers and staff at SFIS for being there withtheir doors wide open. Also, helping me withanything, Thank you. Now I would like to saylaters to my bros from San I and SCP. Laters.And Best Wishes to all... Peace OuthadГАWell... the hardships of high school are finallyover! Now all we have to do is face the worldand enter college( co- ed) won' t that be a bigthrill! LOL First of all I want to say thanks to myfamily and mostly my parents, I love you! Myfriends also got me through a lot of hard timesand good times as well and I will cherish everytime that I have spent with each of you guysand girls, they were the best times. I will continue to look forward to what the future willbring to each of our friendships. I could' venever gotten where I am today without the support that you have all given me, and for that Iam truly thankful. Thanks to my friends and mybest friends( you know who you are) for thebest 5 years here at SFIS; despite all the troubles that we' ve gotten in and out of. I will MISSyou all, but I will try my best to keep in touch.Good luck to all of you in your future. I hope allof you have the best Senior year ever and willcherish it... I know you will! Luv, Peace andChicken Grease!" Senior Class of 2005!!!"es!upSFIS)SFIS ERobert MontoyaGavin Morawhat' s up seniors! First of all I would like tothank my family, especially my mom, brotherand my sister for always being there when Ineeded them and for all their encouragement.To all the teachers who put up with me, thedays of hard work are finally over. To Gavin andMyron who made school fun and something toremember- you guys are like brothers to me." Love you guys!" Thanks mom, Dorothy, foralways putting a smile on my face and makingme feel special. I would also like to thank SantaFe Indian School you were like a second hometo me; I' m going to miss that. The class of 2005,WE MADE IT!First of all I would like to thank all the teachers that I had from 7th through 12th at SantaFe Indian school. Also I would like to thankmy friends and all the memories that we willremember about SFIS and the cool stuff wedid in the dorm at Crandall Hall. I wouldespecially like to thank my family for encouraging me to work hard and keep in school,my uncle for telling me never to give up onaccomplishing my goals and to go onto college. I will always remember SFIS and all thecrazy things that happened at Crandall Hallbefore we moved to the new dorms.For the Class of" 2005" we will godown as the greatest class in historyof Santa Fe Indian School.ESFISJoycelyn MorganRaeal NevayaktewaI would just first of all like to thank myparents for raising me and encouragingme to go to school. So I just wanted tosay, I had fun at this school. Thanx, Marv,Jan, Dana, Paulette, and Leilani, you' vebeen there for me. I wish all the lowerclassmen good luck, and have as muchfun as much as you can while you can.Thanx Paige, Evonne, Fae, Leon, and allyou other people for the good laughs andthe good times. Thanx Ms. Guerin forhelping me achieve some of mygoals. Everyone else take careand have fun. Oh, and thanx,partner for all your help... YEAH!LaterzFirst of all I would like to thank my familyand friends for helping me through the pastyears. To my family, thank you for giving methat extra push toward my education. To myfriends, THANKS FOR BEING THEREthrough good and bad times. Without you allI wouldn' t be who I am Today. I would alsolike to thank my past teachers for encouraging me. I also want to thank teachers I havetoday for the things you will teach me. Aspecial thanks to a special person.- Thanks for being there. Thank you.SFISSFISA