water will be available for this added acreage. There are a few smallprojects on the reservation which may be developed and quite a largearea reclaimed for farming. Many of the Navajos who have been farming and gardening in the past few years have practically no farmimplements and their methods of farming are very crude.We plan to furnish groups of these Indians with modernimplements. These will become community property and the cost willbe pro- rated among those who will use them. This will provide thesepeople with adequate equipment at a very moderate cost to the individual.It will then be possible for the farmers and Extension Agent tocooperate with, instruct and help those Indians to improve theirfarming methods to the end that they will produce moro and betterfood and forage crops. The Extension Agent is planning to introducethe use of the trench silo and some new crops which will materiallyimprove the income from the land and will also tend to improve theNavajo diet. He also plans to encourage more intensive cultivationand the approved rotation of crops. Selection of proper and betterseeds will have attention. The importance of each Indian farmingland raising a good variety of garden vegetables will be emphasized.The program includes the planting and protection of fruit trees byas many of the Indians as can be induced to exercise the proper careof the trees after they have been planted.Efforts will be made to secure the cooperation ofwhite people off the reservation in furnishing the Navajo men withremunerative farm and other labor.D. The Use of Lands.Through the senior ranger, the reservation forestwill be protected against fires and other destructive agencies.The standing timber will be conserved by limiting the Indians in thecutting of live timber. Only ripe timber will be cut for sawed lumberand by the proper use of lumber by the Indians in the constructionof permanent homes, increased farming area by promotion of irrigationprojects and instruction of Indians in conservation of water and land,additional grazing and farm land will be added to the present reservation by legislation, homesteading, etc.No land sales or leases are con templated.E. Health.For this section of the Narrative Report, I am inserting a statement prepared by Dr. Loe, senior physician at Northern NavajoAgency" The population of the Northern Navajo Jurisdictionis estimated at 9,000 and located at distances varying from one mileto ninety miles from the agency. It is served at present by two hospitals; a general hospital of sixty beds located at the agency and atwenty bed hospital at Toadlena, fifty miles from the agency.