Northern Pueblos Agency.Santa Fe, N. M.Section 1- LAW AND ORDER( Cont'a).Priests are stationed at Taos and at San Juan, and the otherPueblos are visited regularly by them.10. The liquor problem here is a very serious one. In many instances Mexican families live within the Indian villages, or arescattered through the Indian grant lands, and it is not uncommon for11 quor to be brought into the Indian villages by these pon- Indians,and sold or traded to the Indians.11. This question is answerod above, and is particularly true atth. Pueblos of Nambe, Pleuris, San Ildefonso and San Juan, wherenon- Indians live within, or in the immediate vicinity of the Indianvillage12. The Indians also leave their Grants and procure 11 quor fromMexican boot- loggers living in the surrounding territory. This practice is carried on to a considerable extent, particularly at Taos.13. Cooperation by State authorities is limited to assistance whencourt ordor is securod to make arrests.14. During the fiscal year 1930, a Special Officer for the suppressionof liquor traffic among Indians has been stationed at Santa Te. Hisdistrict covers the Northern and Southorn Pueblos and the JicarillaJurisdictions. This officer is doing excellent work, and while he hasa tremendous task, he is making headway in curtailing this perniciousbusiness. This officer is authorized to make temporary appointmentsof deputies as the occasion artses, and it is not believed necessaryto have employees deputised by the State officials.15. To have boon wable to find any evidence of Indians of theJurisdiction engaged in the mamfacture of any form of intoxicatingbeverages16. The use of peyote at this jurisdiction is confined to the villageof Taos, whoro I am told, the practice is quito provalont. I havebeon at this Agency for so short a time that I have been unable toobserve the extent or effect of the use of peyote. However, fromexperionco gained at other jurisdictions where the use of Peyotois common, it is my belief that the practice is harmful, and shouldbe discouragod.( a) from what I can learn, poyote is obtainedfrom the Cheyome Indians of allahoma and isbrought here other by the Cheyonnes, or by theTaos Indians going to Olahoma and securing it.