Kenneth NietoscwelFirst, I would like to thank my creator for blessing me with a guardian that gives me a strongheart and mind to get through all of life' s challenges. Thanks to the two big sisters that Inever had Jill L. and Jenna D. for always making me smile. To all my buddies Jenae, Yvetteand Amanda love ya! To Jenny, thank you forhelping me through thick and thin, I love youlike a sis! To my entire family for alwaysencouraging me and for their wisdom and love.I couldn' t have done it without you in my life.SENIORS WE DID IT! PEACE! Much loveTamini.scpemalWSCSFISthcaditpeChristine PachecoFirpuingloJeyolalEugoonanGufridgiuGuingthaLoKaboThSEISTamani OrtizFirst of all, I would like to send my thanks to myparents for their support in my schoolwork andin my musical talents. To my good friends andextended family, so strong that we make theBrady Bunch jealous. Thanks for keeping meon track." I' ll buy your candy" To my girlfriendCelina, thanks for sticking by my side andshowing me the way. To all my teachers formaking my school days more interesting,thanks for keeping me on my toes. To the wonderful chefs, thanks for all the hot meals especially the Indian tacos. Yum Yum!! To the hardest worker on campus, yes I' m talking about youJoey, thanks for keeping the campus cleaner than the carnivalgrounds after august 4th. To all myclassmates, thanks for lending mepaper and pencils, although I wastoo lazy to go through my backpack and get it out myself. Andfinally to the class of" 05" who isready to take the world by thestorm?" Hey my picture will finally be inDelmar PadillaMom and dad thank you for always supportingme, and showing me the right path. Thank youJess, Pam, Magz, Frank and Kev for alwaystelling me to do good in school and for makingme laugh when I did stupid things. Ang, whatcan I say we' ve been through a lot, thanks forbeing there at my side.Thanks to all my teachers for sharing yourknowledge with me. I learned a lot. I would alsolike to thank all my homies especially Jamieand Nikki, you guys are my sisters, thanks forall the fun and crazy times we had together. I' llmiss you guys the most. To Maddy,Ryan and Jannica; without any of youguys I don' t know if I could' ve made it.Also to all the underclass men, especially my little cousins Crystal andMarce, high school goes by fast, somake it worth while; remember to doyour work. Good Luck J. Last, but notleast, to the class of 2005 we made it!I wish the best of luck to all of you. Besafe and have fun.Denika PinoI would like to say a huge THANKS to mygrandma and grandpa who have done so muchfor me, and encouraging me to stay strongLUV YOU both. I would also like to say I LUVYOU MOM who looks down on me from time totime when I wasn' t behaving I LOVE YOULOTS! To my fellow classmates thanks foralways telling me to behave, because withoutyou I wouldn' t have made it this far. To mythree sisters and you know who you are thankyou for all of your help, and all of your jokes, itwas fun hanging around with all of you. To myfriend Denika I didn' t forget youTHANKS for being there when stuffwent down and I hope to see u around.I would like to thank my coaches fortelling me to strive for what I want andto do my best. TO ALL THE ACOMAREZ KIDZ HAVE FUN AND BE SAFE!WELL I GUESS IT' S GOOD BYE ANDNO MORE JOSER..." NOT!" I almostforgot THANKS partner for helping me in class.Peace out and HAVE FUN.* Jacob RichardsJerrick Pino: First and foremost I would liketo thank my family especially my mom foreverything that she has done for me, also fornot giving up on me and for pushing me tostrive for the best. Thanks for being there forme through all the good and bad things Ihave done. To Corey T. and Rufuss keep onraising RAWKUS. To the rest of my PEEPSpeace to all you guys keep it Ghetto. Lastbut not Least I would like to thank Gulibert,J. Williams, J. Cammarrata, Paul and all thepeople who helped me throughout my yearsat the Indian School I wouldn' thave done it with out you guys." Iam not in this world to live up toyour expectations, nor are youhere to live up to mine"( P. Tosh)trySFISJonathan J. PatricioFirst of all I would like to thank my mom and daddyfor all the support they have given me during all mylearning days. I don' t know what I would have doneif it weren' t for the two of them pushing me andtelling me to do my best, I LOVE YOU BOTH. For therest of the family thanks for always being there forme and giving me all the good advice that I neededto hear. Oh, I can' t forget my sister for always pushing me and telling me to get the best out of highschool, I LOVE YOU SISTER. To my babe, thanks forthe support, Love you. To Tee, Nikki, Sofia, Jose,Jacob, Allen thanks for all the memories we sharedand all laughter we did. I' ll miss you guys. SORRY, Imissed some names, to Juana, Ash,Alynna, and Yum Best of luck, do your bestin achieving all your goals and thanks forall the laughs Juana. For all you underclassmen Good Luck! LAST BUT NOTLEAST TO MY FELLOW SENIORS WE HAVEMADE IT THIS FAR NOW GO AND REACHFOR THE STARS. CONGRATULATIONS TOTHE CLASS OF 2005. WE MADE IT!!!!Jerrick PinoNo... this is not a joke; 1 Jacob Richards am going tograduate. I would' ve never made it if it weren' t forsome pretty amazing people. There are so many that Imight forget to thank a few of you, and if I do, my bad.To all the staff that had to put up with me, thank you.To Ms. Gulibert, thanks for the," Ramblin Café" andespecially for the words of wisdom. You always mademy day better. Thanks to Pablo, Brandis, Bry, April,Connie, Jenny, Daniel, Kar, Kerwin, Bryce, Shy,Brandie, Ash, Kayleen, Sunshine, Dobbz, UnadelChelsea, My Squish, Denika, Garri, Lil Robz, ThePhenom Byron, Garri, Blaine, Dwizzle, Booms, Mateo,Lund, Kay, Marc, Wanda, My Babycakes, Shortz, Ojsh,Black Jesus, Ugene, Aunty Jenae, Yvette,Kathleen, Ungie, and Britina. Yousmile on my face at one time or another. Aspecial shot out to my" Tootz." Girl you droveme crazy for the longest time but I lovedevery minute of it. To my family and especially me little niece," CJ", thank you for yoursupport. To the late Ben Charley, you were myinspiration dog. And with that I' m out. BlueSkies everyone.SFISum