a possibility to do anything with them except entirely replace the whole
roof.
Employees of this Agency have proven themselves on the whole effi
cient and loyal to the Indian Service. They have been cooperative
throughout the year in preparing the many reports and in doing extra
work of various kinds that has fallen to their lot. Accommodations for
employees s.re generally good. At Isleta employees quarters are very
small, but every effort is being made to improve living conditions for
all employees under the jurisdiction. The relationship existing between
the Indian Schools and the public school authorities is of the best.
It is our belief that the day schools exist for the purpose of
teaching the Indians to speak English and everything that has been done
in the past year has been to emphasize the importance of speaking English
among Indians. To that end the schools have been very successful.
Perhaps the most important thing accomplished during the past school
year was the study made by the individual teachers in connection with
General Superintendent's Circular Number Five. This study brought the
teachers in closer contact with their respective pueblo than any other
activity which has been undertaken in this jurisdiction. In addition
to making a study of the conditions existing among the Indians, we made
a special effort to teach the Indian children comprehension in their
reading and developed a system of teaching which proved to be very satis
factory
.
The continued development of club work and more thorough application
and supervision by the State College Traveling Officials has increased
the interest and efficiency of the children in this branch of school ac
tivities. There is very little race prejudice to be found in any commu
nity where the Indian schools are located. The total expenditure during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1926, was$ 46,393.67. The total expendi
ture for all purposes during the current fiscal year was$ 50,588.53.
Practically every school is equipped with some playground equipment
and it is being used to the best advantage. The school teachers have
given systematic supervision to the playground activities in the day
schools under this jurisdiction. Boys and girls both have use of the
playground equipment.
It does not seem possible to state at this time how long it will be
necessary to continue the day schools in this jurisdiction. The Pueblo
Indian offers a peculiar problem and his status as a citizen in the
state will have to be further defined by Federal statute and amendments
to the State constitution before there could be hope of placing the schools
in the pueblos under the State jurisdiction.
