RECEIVED
- FILE- NO..
JUL 19 1921
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE
VOCATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL
MOUNT PLEASANT, MICHIGAN
SECTION II& Health
There was no great sickness at the School hospital
this past year, as during the past two years. There was no re
turn of the" flu". The hospital had an average of from lo to
12 pupils in the hospital at a time during the winter months.
The presence of a full- time physician here was a necessity.
A contract physician encumbered as he is wi th outside đuties could
never have devoted the time necessary for the many duties
demanded by the pupils. The resident physician coming in almost
di aly contact with upils is an an excellent position to no te
the least untoward symptoms, and is always at hand to administer
at once. There were to changes of physicians during the past
year.
General sanitary condition of buildings and grounds is
excellent. Constant effort is made to keep them in a high state of
sanitation by frequent inspections of buildings, dormitories, dining
rom, kitchen, toilets, bathrooms, barn, dairy, etc., by the
Superintendent the physician who offer advice and give suggestions
in regard to any difficulty that may ari se. In addition, the matrons
make it their business to watch sanitary conditions. A little dif
ficulty was had the past winter at the larger boys' dormitory in the
toilet section. The toilets got in bad shape and owing to lack of
funds and inability to secure supplies promptly it was necessary to
cease using this sectdon for a short period. This has all been cor
rected now and new range toilet installed.
All garbage from the kitchen is collected into suitable
reseptacles and placed into a full- screened and fly- protected
Latticed outhou se situated away, bot not far from the kitchen, from
which outhouse it is dai ly conveyed to the piggery. The piggery is
locate at some distance from the dining room, suficient safe for
practical purposes. Speciat care is given to the horse and dedy
barns. They are cleaned daily, all manure removed at once, and con
veyed to some place on the farm.
daily, en, is given to sufri.
Each child in this school takes a bath at least once a week.
One day a weels is design ted as" Bath day", and on that day each pupil
must report to the assistant matron for a complete change of clothing to
be put on after the bath. However, a pupil make bathe as frequent as
he wishes.
