Section I----- Law and Order( Cont'd)not brought to trial. For example, one Indian steals orappropriatesanother Indian's wife: the matter of bastardywas before this oftice yesterday. An Indian alleged to bethe father of the child, mother and child, and the entirepueblo council were before me. This matter was adjustedas far as possible, at the same time the Indian who shouldhave been charged with the crime could not be even arrestedor punished as I know of no federal law that would coverhis case.4.My answer to No. 3 should have come under this head.We have no Court of Indian Offenses. The entire New MexicoLaw and the New Mexico Code should apply to the Pueblo Indians. As above stated, the Indian commits crimes and offenses for which he can not be punished. The sooner thePueblo Indians are placed under the same laws as the whiteman living in New Mexico, the better it will be for theIndian as well as for the public.5. Practically each and every pueblo in New Mexico holdsan Indian fiesta at least once a year. Many of the puebloshave other fiestas of less importance. At all of thesefiestas there is more or less drinking. Which has been saidabout these Pueblo dances and the immorality of same. Itis too big a question to discuss briefly in this report.Much can be said pro and con regarding same. From ourstandpoint there might be some features of these Indiandances that would not be considered moral, but the Indianlooks upon same in a different light since his standardsof morality are altogether different.( a) There is no special attempt to interferewith these Indian dances at the present time.My opinion is that the same policy should becontinued.( b) Both the children and returned students arepermitted to indulge in the Indian dancesand there is no attempt to exclude them.6. Practically all the Pueblo Indians secure licensee tomarry and are married in the Catholic churches.Practicallyno divorces are granted or applied for by these Indians.There may be here and there an exception but I am statingas a general rule.( a) The Pueblo Indians are complying with thestate laws as to marriage. There are fewseparations, but no divorces so far as Inon.