Oboon our observation that woh progress has been made in every line of aotivity, which tonds to promote the voltarı of thos, people, and all of whichis very gratifying to us.The population of the Eastorn Navajo Jurisdiction, which has alreadyboon submitted, indicatos a population of 8,394 as of December 31, 1954.However, this con sus is not comploto as it has been a physical impossibilityfor our field. mon to get statistios as to births and doath, which occurredduring the past year, and, no doubt, a comploto con sus roturns would shouat least 200 moro members of the tribe in this jurisdiction.Section I- Industrial Development, Wolfero& Social Conditions-( a) Industrial Dovolopment:During the past year the Indians have given considerable attention tothe developmont of larger farm areas, using dry farming methods in all agricultural operations, as there is no irrigation project as yot developed underLastorn Navajo.In line rith the Administration's policy, th. Indians reduced theirshoop bords materially and sold, undor this program, nourly 16,000 shoop,Up to June 30, 1934, the Indians of Eastora Navajo received in wages$ 255,087.30under the E.C.v. program and on the road construotion program$ 27,053.83 wasrocoivod in Tages( Sopt.- Jun, 30, 1934). Thoso expendituros bato boon themeans in bringing about the developmont of the Navajo aroa as to the buildingof rosorvoirs, developing of springs and wells, and one. they are filled withwater, they will roliovo the overgrazed arou murrounding the permanent watering places.Thao Indians aro appreciative of all this dovelopment and baro donocroditablo Tork in furthering this program. Th. semo consideration was giventhe Public Domain Indians as those on the rosorvation as to employment anddovelopmont. Hovovor, no have been very much handicapped in giving them assistanoo, on the Public Domain, for the roason that to could not do any work uponthe land to which the Indian Departmont vould not have title to, as many of thebest reservoir locations were upon public lands and outside of the jurisdiotion of the Indian Dopartment.At the boginning of this work, the Indians as a rule had parmed aboutoverything they had in the line of jewelry that the traders would aocopt, withno chanco to make redemption of this property. Wool sales vore slow, withpricos ranging from 10 to 15 conto per pound, but with the inquguration ofthis work program, they vero able to redeem their porsonal proporty andestablish credit for the time being. The lamb markot vas slow. Accordingto a checkup with the traders, approximately 10,000 lbs were sold. The buyersof the past seemed to be unable to secure credit for the purchase of lambs forfeeders and this left a surplus of wether lambs on the reservation. However,many of these have been consumed by the families and through salo to the E.C.W.• 2-