Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION II
HEALTH
( Dictated by Dr. R. D. Holt, Physician)
The general health and sanitary conditions of the Southern
Pueblos jurisdiction during the fiscal year 1930 have been good,
the health better than last year because of the light incidence
of influenza. Ordinary colds for the year were about as usual,
and constituted the greater number of cases of illness in any
one group.
One epidemic of mumps in Jemez Pueblo, affecting one hundred
and thirty- four persons was of ordinary severity, one case dying,
being complicated by pneumonia. There was also one light epidemic
of mumps and chicken pox in the Laguna- Acoma district.
the
ser
for
examped
on
the
satisfactia
distri
Sanitary conditions in and around Indian homes remain about
the same, from year to year, as previously reported. The usual
frequent inspections by the physicians and others are kept up,
these inspections including the taking of a number of samples of
water for examination by the State Laboratory. The Laboratory
reports received on the various water samples were, in the main,
such as to indicate a satisfactory drinking supply from a health
standpoint. In the Laguna- Acoma district the villages of Mesita
and Seama do not have sufficient supply of water and what they
have is so heavily charged with mineral that it is unfit for
drinking purposes. Old Laguna has a sufficient supply, but it
is charged with mineral salts, The very few cases of typhoid
fever developing during the year were supposed to be due to the
use of river or ditch water, for which use there was no excuse.
Some cases of dysentery were attributed to a like cause.
Our State Laboratory continues to favor us by free examina
tions of blood, sputum, feces, throat cultures, etc., while
through the courtesy of the U. S. Veterans Bureau here our
diagnostic x- ray vork is done,
It is already apparent that infantile and child nutrition
and health have been promoted by the increased use of milk. A
fuller reference was made in last year' s report of the Superin
tendent successfully placing about thirty milch cows in the
pueblo of Isleta. That kind of work, together with proper school
room instruction regarding the value of milk and a variety of
vegetables for the home during winter and summer, will count
big in our estimation, and really constitute, by far, the most
important proverbial ounce of prevention, which we are capable
