OrigoCircular 2316Narrative Section,Annual Report.1928.Eastern Navaho. Agency.Page 1$ 4,000. has been authorized for construction of new officebuilding from 1929 allotment of funds and will be constructedduring the fiscal year. The present office will be remodledinto living quarters. A new Office of ample size will permit ofa filing room and vault for protection from fire, that all recordsmay be well protected from loss in any way. There should beprovided a Stockman, to be stationed at some point in theTorre ones country, where easiest contact cen be made with theIndians of that vicinity and which number nearly 1,000. This isdesirable in every way as the distance to the other stockmenstations and to the agency is to great to be effective with them, forwith a community center or Stockman station, with a physicianstationed the re would be a great factor in promotion of health,better home life than is not possible with practically noconst ructive atention. owing to the extreme isolation of employeesin that locality ample sala ries should be paid that competentemployees could be induced to give their best effort and remainthere over a period of years as confidence and desirable resultscan seldom be accomplished short of several years at least.Before the beginning of the fiscal year 1930, there should bethe following positions should be astablished.PhysicianStockman2 police53500.1800.1200.$ 600 each.It is planned to begin ac tual Census of allm members of the Nave hotribe of Indians in every jurisdiction soon after the close ofpresent fiscal year, which is in every way desirable, and the Officeshould realize that this is a tremendous undertaking and will requiremuch labor to secure all desired informa tionand to identifythem in relationship with each other and with any allotments ofland, a lready made. Land records are in poor shape and will requirenearly two years work to perfect this and the Census recordsand as our office force of 3 clerks is already overtaxed and otherclerkship position should be established at$ 1600.There is but little change from last year with respect tosuperstition and practice of Indian Medicine men andthey stillmaintain a strong hold over the young and old alike, thos withone physician and inadequate hospital receives increa sed patronagefrom the Indians includdng some of their most noted medicine men.It is a matter of education. Their medicine practice is apartof their religion and it can not be expected to see any greatchange unless we are prepared to give something better in returnfor what they already have, that is more doctors, nurses andhospitals, will be the factors in gradually bringing about thede sired improved conditions, with the medicine man finallyeliminated.