Page 28TEQU AYOOn a short piece of steel rail which serves Fortunate indeed is the person who is able toas an anvil, the Navajo beats and hammers out procure one of the sacred blankets, the Navajosthe silver which is made into bracelets, rings being very superstitious regarding them andand necklaces, and other pieces for personal considering it a sacrilege for an infidel to ownadornment. Designs are painstakingly traced one.with crude hand punch, and one wonders, lookThe yei blanket illustrated represents theing at his equipment, how he is able to fashion" Place and Vision of the Whirling Logs," asuch lovely things. Turquoise, the fascinatinglegend too lengthy to repeat here. Note theblue stone which to the Indian is possessed ofpair of figures on each cross piece, the godsome vague supernatural power, is used lavishdesses at each end, and the figure which surly in Navajo jewelry.rounds the whole on three sides.One cannot mention Navajo arts withoutspeaking of their beautiful sand- paintings, drypaintings they are sometimes called. Sandpaintings are used by the shamans( medicinemen) in their religious ceremonials. They aredrawn on the floor of the medicine lodge, andthe designs and methods of applying them arepassed on from one generation to the next.The painting is done with sand. The groundwork of the picture is natural colored sand, laidon the floor to the depth of several inches. Thedesigns, intricate and beautiful, are carried outwith sands made from various colored stoneground to a fine powder. To apply the colorsthe artist picks up a little sand between his firstand second fingers, aided by his thumb, andallows it to flow smoothly in a fine line as hemoves his hand. It requires a keen eye, steadynerves, and the patience of Job to complete thepicture. If he makes a mistake he obliteratesit with natural sand, proceeding with the design on the new surface. After the ceremonialsare over the picture is destroyed.Some of the sand- paintings have been reproduced in the Navajo blankets, woven by themedicine men. They are called yei blankets. Navajo Yei Blanket of Whirling Log DesignPainting Representative of the Murals Being Done by the School