( 16)
In line with this recommendation, the super intendent and
his mechanics prepared plans and specifications for these
projects, and it was estimated then that the work could be
done( providing the superintendent could purchase the material,
freight it on railroads promptly, and hire the necessary force
of irregular carpenters and stonemasons--- and keep them after
he had hired them) for$ 25,000.
Investigation soon showed the superintendent that while
materials might be purchased, there was grave doubt if the
railroads coula transport them on schedule, and that labor
could not be maintained to such a schedule of building.
It was then war- times. The plans were sent to Washington
and, during the super intendent's last visit to that city in
December- January 1918-1918, the construction division approved
such plans. It is not believed that the buildings can be
erected now( 1919-1920) for less than$ 30,000. The labor
situation here is still unsettled, and men want king's ransoms
for work without being at all grateful enough to stand by the
job until finished.
When these buildings are constructed, however, under no
circumstances should the water- system to the Polacca Day School
be wa ived. A first class well has been drilled by the Irrigation
Department in the First Mesa Wash. A pump and pipe- line will
permit the serving of the Field Ma tron's station with all water
necessary to sanitation for the villagers, furnish the Hopi of
First Mesa to the number of 600 odd with good drinking and stock
water, and permit the Polacca Day School to have water for
laundry and domestic purposes beside fire protection.
The Hotevilla- Bacabi Day School was not built by the Super in
tendent until investigation showed that a sufficient water supply
( pipe- line system) was available. The materials for this feature
are on the ground, and considerable development work has been done,
enough to permit rining the school through hauling of water by
team. The war withdrew so many laborers that the pipe- line,
tank work and piping to buildings has not been completed. It is
hoped to complete same this summer.
The other day schools are not so situated as to justify any
great expenditure to procure pipe- line systems. At Second Mesa
water from the spring might be lifted to a tank, and this at no
great expense. The Chimopovy School has no dependable water
supply. The Oraibi School is set in a waterless flat, and
despite the dreams and theories of certain inspectors there is
no water supply closer to the Oraibi School than that fluid now
being hauled in wagons from the Oraibi Wash, distant one mile.
