Santa Fe, N. M.
е OF INDIAN
By
REOLYVID
Ga.
EDUCATION DIVISION-- HEALTH SECTION
SEP
17
1910
File.
1. The general health of this school has been good.
The same may also be said of the agency during the
fiscal year 1910
( a) This school and agency has been comparatively
free from tuberculosis. In a few of the smaller pueblos there
is possibly one if not more cases of tuberculosis. In the larger
pueblos they are comparatively free from this disease. This
statement does not hold true, however, in the case of a young man
0 from Jemez who during the year developed tuberculosis at the school
was sent home to his pueblo at Jemez and afterwards died. This is
a very rare case and the disease developed rapidly. There are, so
far as I know, no other cases at Jemez, and there are no cases at
the school, either among the pupils or employees
Among my day, school and agency force I know of no employee
who is afflicted with tuberculosis unless it is the housekeeper
at Nambe Pueblo. I have suspected that she has tuberculosis
Dr. Murphy on his recent visit here had the same opinion, and I
will be requested by Dr. Murphy in a letter to order this woman
in for examination
( b) During the summer of 1909 Dr. Joseph A. Murphy
examined the pupils at this school and found trachoma very prev.
alent. Dr. Harrison was detailed to assist the local Physician
to operate on all cases. Vigorous treatment was continued through.
out the year. Dr. Murphy has just been here and examined a
number of the worst cases which have been under treatment and is
highly pleased with results. Many cases have been cured, others
materially helped. He will probably cite the work done at this
school in some future report, and I am satisfied that same will be
very favorable
In the pueblos, however, the results of Dr. Harrison' s
and Miss Ross' work is not so marked owing to the Test squalor
of the homes and the manner of living, together with the indif
ference of the paiéiſe, results have not been what might be ex
ea or hoped.
Cu owe
( o) There have been no epidemics up to the close
of the fiscal year at this school or agency. Pneumonia was some
what prevalent during the winter months at the school, but could
hardly be said to be epidemic
( YNE.
""
