Seniors
Tristen Drywater San Felipe Pueblo
Sam
Mariah Elote Jicarilla Apache
Hey well finally we are leaving YAY! Over the four years I have been here I have
made many friends as well as memories. First I would like to thank my parents you
always pushed me to do my best I would also like to thank my brother Alex and my
sister Kristina, brother Bug I am going to miss you but always do your best and
work to the best of your ability don' t procrastinate! Kris thanks for always being
there to test the waters for me you made things a lot easier for me. As for my three
best friends, April Sky April thanks for always being there for me and at the times
you were a little to hyper for me thanks. Maya Bug I am going to miss you
remember don' t eat too much candy! K and my little Jordan, my crazy horhey you
always made me laugh with your Greer jokes, remember a person' s a person no
matter how small! I can' t forget about the guys Darrin, Scott, Christian# 1& 2,
James, Dennis, Kelly, Antoine, Pat Stevs, Trev, Joe, Jody, thanks for all the good
memories and laughs, going to miss you all, GO CRAZY! Haha, and of course I
can' t forget my friend
Jeremy thanks for always being there for me friend you are great! Love you lots friend. And to my friends that have left my Uriah and Kevin you guys were my
happiness makers brought me up when I was down wish you were here to finish off this school year with me, thanks for all the love you have giving me and the
happiness you still give me everyday...( p. s. they are alive just transferred) and Sean thanks for being there always making everyone' s day going to miss you
little one. And last I would like to thank my coaches, and teachers you have taught me many lessons that will be important to me in the future. To the up and
coming lady braves remember to always work hard and play with your heart. Thanks everyone who prepared me for that next step into my life thanks
! OM
fast.
myse
huge
alway
pushi
alway
succe
both.
ASU.
HAH
Lana
Juliai
Emry Eskeets
Navajo Nation
My last words are something I never wanted to say. I came to this school
freshmen year and hated it. now I don' t want to leave. I' ve meet so many
people all of which are fun to hang out with. The sad thing is they' re all
younger than me. They' re my friends and they understand me. I' m leaving
behind people who mean so much to me. You guys should know who you are.
Ha ha! I mean it you should know. I hope you guys will do well. I can' t stand
the thought of losing you guys. Some more than others. I will come visit that I
swear. Ha ha! Thank you, you guys for making my senior year the best year
of my life. I will never forget you. And I hope you never forget me.
Melacia Prauga
Jemezl Laguna
18
