SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012First of all, congratulations to the class of 2012. We did it. I would like to express my thankfulnessto my family for pushing me to accomplish a portion of my education. I love you all. To my teachers, thank you all for doing a great job in helping me build my knowledge. To my friends that stuckwith me through school, thank you for helping me to motivate to finish. I want to thank my guardianangel who has helped me reach his part of life, my brother Harvey. I love you. To all my classmatesI wish you nothing but success throughout life. Like Morris Schwartz said “... if you really want it,then you' ll make your dream happen". To the underclassmen, don' t take education for granted, foryou know you learn something new each day without realization. To my brothers Evren and Brandon, please do a spectacular job in school and strive for success. Don' t give up because I' ll be hereto help. Good luck! It' s time to pick up my brain and carry off with my success and knowledge toconquer the next step, face the real world.-Allayne MartinezWe started off as strangers, met as friends and left as family. We' ve wondered through halls, saidhellos and goodbyes in echoed voices. We ran to class when the bells screamed, maybe were late afew times too. We' ve met people who made a difference in our lives and maybe once in a while fellin love or two. We think it' s the end but it' s only the beginning. It s starts now. 2012, we are here.ingusgetmyTo the Spoken Word family: I wouldn' t be who I am today without you. You' ve shaped the worldaround me into place that holds no shadows, only light. I' m never alone because each of you willalways be in my heart.γοιTOTo my family: Thank you for everything. Most people strive for only what' s easy to accomplish, butyou' ve made reach for stars and beyond. I' ve made it! Your little girl is finally here.forTo my Jemez family: I' m so fortunate to have met such an amazing people who' ve loved me like my own family. Thankyou for believing in me.And to my crew: To our inside jokes and cherished memories, thanks for showing me the meaning of friends for our life.- Athena Morning- StarClass of 2012, We did it!!! I would not be graduating if it wasn' t for my parents, teachers, andfriends. Without their support I would not be who I am today. To my mom and dad, thank you forbelieving and encouraging me to do my best. I love you both. You have taught me to be independentand to give my all. I' m so blessed to have you both. My brother Elijah, do your best throughout highschool and enjoy it! School goes by so fast make memories you will remember forever. To my teachers, thank you so much for believing in me and showing me how to be successful through an education. You all do so much for the students and I appreciate you. To the young ladies in Pod D, I' m goingto miss you girls( Erica, Ashley S, Kaelynn, Fran, Aizah, Camille, Valene, Marina, And Aliyah). All ofyou girls have made my Senior Year the best time of my life. You all better graduate and I wish youthe best. Anita, my SLA, thank you for everything you have done for me. You truly have pushed mein the right direction for success. You' re an amazing woman! To my girls Jenyce, Francesa, Allayne, Ashley, and Jaz, I can' tbelieve we' re graduating! Our time here at SFIS has gone by fast and I' m glad to have gotten to know you all. I wish you alife full of happiness, laughter, and smiles, I love you!Victoria NaranjoSenIWCtosI want to thank my family for supporting me from a far away distance, and I also want tothank them for, being willing to make the trip from Arizona to here all the time. I also wantto thank my homies here for making the time we all spent together memorable. Lastly, Iwant to wish the class of 2012 the best of luck in whatever you choose to do.reaI haYouPeace everyoneyoua buyou- Christopher QuotskuyvaTh92 2011- 2012