O
PROGRAM FOR FISCAL YEAR 1933.
I. Industry.
4. Continuation of program calling for movement of shoop fron summer to
vinter
range.
B. Replacement through tribal reimbursable funds of approxmately
$ 50,000 worth of shoep lost last wintor.
c. Construction of not matering facilitios, mostly reservoirs, and the
ropair of several old ones.
D. Continued education of the individual Indi ana is the handling of
shoop and the best methods of handling products to obtain better
pricos.
2. Additional boundary line fencing to eliminate trespass.
F. More and better statistical information upon which to base futuro
offorts.
II. Forestry
A. Plan a cut of approximately 200 M.B.F. at Agoney Sawmill for use by
Indians and Agency. No not improvements,
B. Umal fir detection work from lookouts, and suppression as required.
C. All telephone construction completed, but usual upkoop anticipated.
D. Purchase of new tractor, grader, soraper fro11eover), and anov plov
planned. Rocone truction of road from Dulco to Otero, and from Dule.
to Stinking Lake vill be the major work. Usual ropairs to bridges and
eulverts. Moro maintenance if funds will permit.
E. No rodent control planned for lack of funds.
F. Areas not needed for Indian sheep are under permit, but when these
areas are needed leases will not be ronovod, or will be cancelled if
provision is made therefor: in prosent lease.
G. No new timber sal os planned. Prosent sale dll be administered as
heretofore.
III. Health.
A. Sanatorium, Prosont program of combined treatment and education of
tubercular children to be continued. Completo screening of Sanatorium
building. Dovelopament of dairy hord, Nocessary repairs and upkoop
of the present old and inadequate building. Alteration of old school
house into some sort of recreational center for children and employees.
B. Hospital. Efforts will be made to increase the favor in which this
unit now stands with the Indians, to provide for needed repairs and
upkoep, and if funds are available at the end of the yoar to procure
some of the items needed for the hoped for operating room, such as
sanitary equipment, lights, etc.
C. Meld Nurse. During the coming year it is anticipated that the Fiala
Nurse, in conjunction with her other duties, will be able to carry on
her Health Class in the Mission School, other regular duties of assis
tance and welfare will be carried on in the field.
