Section
Q------
Oxea?
Section 2.
Health.
have been done has been neglected, or some particular thing
which has been especially warned against has done. As before
remarked, the result is all the same, the patient is lost
who should have been saved. When we who have all had the rud
iments of hygiene and care of the sick either send our own
folks to the hospital, or employ a special nurse to care for
every detail of their care when they are sick,- realizing the
importance of such absolute control of the sick person,- and
fearing that some mistake of ours might result fatally,- how
can we expect to save cases such as pneumonia, typhoid, and
other acute fevers, and surgical cases which require absolute
aseptic care when these cases are treated in the average Indian
home where at best we cannot have the case under our absolute
supervision as much as one hour in the twenty- four? The urgent
need for hospital facilities for the tuberculars in this juris
diction is now the subject of special appeal. In connection
with the same institution provisions should be made for the
care of these other cases as above outlined other than the
tuberculars, But in the meantime sone temporary facilities
should be effected.
All active cases of tuberculosis are urged to
accept hospitalization at the Laguna sanatorium. If all our
tuberculars in need of sanatorium treatment would accept the
same, this jurisdiction would fill a hospital of double the
capacity of the Laguna sanatorium. Where hospitalization is
refused, whether the case be a child of school age or an adult,
we offer them treatment in their homes. This last is of course
very unsatisfactory, and the mortality among these cases is
great. Many of these cases would enter a sanatorium if facil
ities were available in this vicinity. Laguna is 150 miles
away from the nearest of our pueblos, Teseque, and almost 250
from the most distant, Taos. We are able to send some patients
to Laguna each year, but the reason above all others that is given
in those cases that will not go to the hospital, is that the
distance away from their homes is too great. One must know
the characteristics of the Pueblo Indian to fully appreciate
their feelings in declining to accept hospital care, when the
only reason is on account of the distance rom their homes.
Our Indians are known as Pueblo Indians because of the fact
that they have for centuries maintained permanent homes in
their villages or pueblos. A fact so widely different from
the generally accepted idea that the Indian does not think much
of his permanent hone, but accepts as his home any spot that
for the time being may please his fancy, or suit his neeeds,
and where he can pitch his tent. Although this last is, or has
been true of the majority of the Indian race, the Pueblo Indian
is vastly different. He has fought the Spaniard, the American;
the Navajo, Apache, Camanche, Ute and other more nomadic Indians
in protection of this home and village which he has established
and which he loves. We know of many pueblo Indians who live
not more than thirty miles from a railway, and who though past
fifty or sixty years of age, have never seen a railroad train.
If hospital facilities were nearer to home, we could save a
vast number of our tuberculars whom we now lose. Other taan
the immediate benefit to the sick person, the hospital institution
