nnual Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency
majority oi these Ponies are wholly worthless, and even
worse than that, an unmitigated nuisance. The Navajo,
intelligent as he may be and is in some respects, still
adheres to the old indian idea that wealth is represented
by numbers of ponies. The more intelligert realize that
the pony is a nuisance and E handicap to range development,
and for the past three years we have discussed the matter
in season and out of season. In other words we" go round
and round" but never get anywhere. They will never Tolun
tarily slaughter their ponies simply to make room for
increased bands of sheep. Nor can the Government arbitrarily
slaughter then. Nevertheless, something must be done
These ponies appropriate range and water to the detriment
of the sheep. It is possible that a market could be created
a soap factory might be interested, or a packing house
( they are fat anã in splendid shape during the late fall
and early winter months), a fertilizer factory might take
them. If all other things fail, the overnment might, with
the consent of the Wave. jo, Lil or castrate all male
animals and kill all female animals under a specified weight
paying the Navajos a stipulated price, and then purchase
range- bred stallions weighing from 1100 to 1200 pounds,
and place then on the range, using oil royalties for all
payments. These ideas may seem fanciful, but, as I have
said above, something must be done. Developing the water
simply means more water to subsist more ponies to tramp
out more grass
a propose to continue to breed- up the sheep owned
by the Navajos by the introduction of pure bred sires.
As the condition exists to- day probably 75% of the sheep
oi the jurisdiction are half- breed or better Rambouillet
The wether lambs sold last fall averaged better than 58
pounds, one flock averaged 68 pounds. It is the opinion
of the Traders that the bleeces this spring averaged better
than 4 pounds, one herd averaged better than 8 pounds
If cattle ever" come back, and it now looks as
hough this might be a possibility, we propose to intro
duce pure bred Hereford bulls. No one mows how many cat
tle the San Juan Navajo Possess, but it is certain they
have several thous and that have been in- bred from the
beginning. I have talked a great deal to the Indians about
the introduction of new blood and many of them are ready.
However We do not deem it advisable to purchase these
bulls with funds derived Iron the sheep. The sheep support
themselves, the Navajos the ponies and we do not deem it
advisable to place the additional burden of the cattle upon
