SAN JUAN
The pueblo of San Juan, northernmost of the Tevra group,
is located twenty- five miles north of Santa Fe on the Rio
Grande river, and three miles from the railroad station,
Espanola.
Population, 530
Elevation, 5, 700 ft.
Grant,
17, 545
Rainfall, S to 9 inches.
The village is located across from the junction of the
Chama, and Rio Grande rivers, a favorable location and so
recognized by the Spanish, for settlement was made there
antedating Santa Fe. The grant as confirmed by Spain about
1690 vas the usual size of approximately ſive and a quarter
miles square, but its favorable location with arable land
and irrigable water challenged the white men and no pueblo
has suffered more from encroachments.
Any industrial program for San Juan is confronted by
their limited land areas. There is no range to encourage
livestock industry. To fence their diminished areas seems
of doubtful value, though some fencing is needed for credit
able use of their larger range areas. San Juan grows more
fruit than any other pueblo, though they rnaricet but a small
part of it, and it is doubtful if they could achieve success
in fruit growing. A century ago, under direction of practical
padres and brothers, the Pueblos had creditable flocks of
sheep and goats. The Pueblo women then made their beautiful
mentas, blankets, and nes in the home. In the course of time
the sheep industry with the blanket reaving went to the
Na vajo people, and with that transfer went yearlong occupation
for the Navajo and the promise of life and multiplication of
the tribe.
The day school is the center of a revival of interest
in the arts and crafts in this pueblo and weaving, embroidery,
painting, and pottery are giving growing return for those
interested.
There is now and then discussion on construction of a
high line canal from the Rio Grande for a favorable area of
excellent bench land, but the cost of construction vroula.
perhaps call for an investment of one hundred thousand
dollars or more, and there would be the question of avail
able water as well as cost of operation and maintenance,
which would be no little sm because of the length of the
main canal from headgate to the land.
