Annual Report, 1926
Sn Juan Agency.
- N A R R A T I v E
S E C T I O N-
Section III
Schools
It is not easy to describe the relationship that
exists between the public school and the Indian schools
of the San Juan jurisdiction for they scarcely touch at
any point. There is a public school at ET oadlena about
200 yards trom the Toadlena Boarding school, which is
maintained solely for the accommodation of the children
of the Indian Trader, the local Missionary, and the
Government Employees. Ir addition to these vihite children
here were nine Indian pupils attending this public school
the past year. These are the children of Indians that
reside in the vicinity of Toadlena. The very friendliest
relations exist between these two schools, there being
no Ovidence of any unpleasant racial feeling. Indian
pupils are welcomed at this school and are made to feel
at home there. A public school is likewise, and for like
reasons, maintained at Shiprock. However,
there are no
Indian chilären in attendance except two boys who last
year completed the sixth grade at the San Juan School
and who desired and intended to enroll at the Sherman
Institute last fall. These boys sought and secured em
ployment for the summer months in Colorado and were out
of touch with the Superintendent. When they returned about
September first, it was to learn that the Sherman Insti
tute was full and, as they were unwilling to accept trans
fer to other Indian schools to which transfer was possible
they re- entered the San Juan School and were perInitted
to take the seventh grade in the local public school. These
boys took this work side by side with white children and
their teacher advises that the quality of work done by
them was fully equal to that done by the whites. There is
no thought of racial feeling. The Methodist Industrial
Mission near Farmington permitted one of their pupils to
attend public school in Farmington. Other than in these
three instances, there is, so far as I know, no place
whore the public school touches or affects the Indians
of the San Juan resorvation,
The San Juan School proper has an enrollment of a
little over 200, or considering it in connection with
the Mesa Unit, of a little over 400, with a like at
tendance. Its most serious drawback is and always has
been its domestic water supply. This supply comes from
three different sources:
12
ELECTRICTRONGRADEGREGISTRAZIERREDIT
