LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEUCLEUCUZLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLZהכתבתכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכותבתכותבתכתבתכתבותכתכתבותכתבותכותבותכותבINarnchall00119;ifferentaThe classes choosing algebra this year have had an excellent season. They were ableto reach quadratics, and were able to do a very creditable class of work. The class hasnever seemed to regard algebra as drudgery. Rather as a pleasant activity of mind andhands.The Library Science classes have catalogued, mended, shelved, and issued books. Astwo or three hundred volumes have been added to the library this year, the class has hadquite a lot of experience. Three excellent bibliographies were made of the contents of thenew books, and the several sets of reference books made an excellent source of study.The eighth grade English classes have studied grammar with a true desire to learngood language, and in the tests given at the end of the semester it was found that this classhad raised its standing a high percent, as a different form of the same tests were given lastyear, and compared with those this year.The Hygiene and Health classes made a most excellent showing in taking the stateexamination questions of Nebraska and New Mexico Public Schools as an examination forfinal grades. The classes made trips to dairies; buildings used for stock; homes; and wellsto study hygienic conditions. They drew large pictures of their own homes and buildingsand studied each for sanitation.Special trips of the classes studying certain subjects were made as follows:Eleventh grade Chemistry classes under Miss Meinzer made visits to Coca ColaBottling plant to study uses of solid carbon dioxide, carbon dioxide in beverages, and thefire extinguisher; to the Albuquerque Ice Co. to study distillation of water, and the manufacture of ice; to the City Water Plant to study methods of filtration, and purification;to U. S. Indian School Dairy for testing for butter- fat, and of milk; to Dry Cleaning Department of school to learn commercial methods of the trade; to U. S. Weather Bureauto study use of Hydrogen in balloons. In general science the tenth graders went to U. S.Weather Bureau to learn about the different apparatus, weather maps, and weather forecasting; Journal Printing Co. to study entire process of printing; Airports to learn of thedifferent types of aircraft, and of the methods of rising and landing; field trips to studyplants and insects; Campus trips to study machinery and trades. It is gratifying to all thatstudents are so intelligently interested in these trips, and the people in charge of the placsvisited so pleasant.The Seniors and Juniors under Mr. Kendrick have made trips to the Breece LumberMill to study methods of lumber manufacture and transportation; to Flour Mill to studymanufacture of flour, and trades connected with milling; to the Ice Company to studymethods of manufacture, distribution, and of power, also to see trades connected with icemanufacture and distribution; to City Water Works to learn methods used in cities toprocure, and distribute pure water, and to study necessary water supply of city. Also tosee trades connected with such Occupations as pursued by men at this water plant; toSanta Fe Shops to study transportation and especially to note trades connected with suchtransportation; to some modern dairies of the city to note trades pursued there, and tolearn something of the distribution and transportation entailed in city dairy business;several trips to City, County and District Courts to learn about actual procedure in court.During some of these trips it was the fortune of classes to hear cases in burglary and murder. As these classes were visiting the courts during the sessions, the rest of the high schoolpupils were buying the daily papers to watch the outcome of the cases.Classes under Mrs. Lock and Miss Smith also attended court sessions with much benefit to those studying civics, and social science. Other classes are looking forward to nextyear.LEY646464646464646464646UKYKYELUGURURYRYYRYYRYYRYLFUFUFUFFLFFLFFLFFLFFLFFLFLFUFUFUFUFUSUGUGUGISISITIFJUPPLILLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSLSLSLSLLLLLLLLLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLSבתלהבתכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחלחלתUCUESUÇUCUSULUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCLCUCUCLUCUCUCILCUCUCUUPכותבותכותבותכתבתכחכחכחכחכחכותבחכחכחכחכחכחכותבותכתבותכותבתכתבEUCUCUCUCULLJCUCIDennnnnnnnuחכותבתם