38- HopiAGRICULIURAL WORK AND STOCK RAISING:While we are greatly handicapped through having nopermanent field men among these Indians we will do our best tocarry out a program made to promote greater interest in stock,proper grazing methods, elimination of scab and poor horses,increased acreage in food stuff, better fencing and homes,improvement of our water supply and a greater efficiency in eachIndian toward bettering his family conditions and more rapidlyprogressing toward full citizenship. We should have an extensionagent and four farmers to properly carry on such work, but werealize all reservations cannot have them at once, and that ourtime will come when funds are provided the office. If we just hadone good agricultural man it would be a great big help to theseIndians, who may be counted on to do their part at all times.They are really eager to be led. What they need most is advice andsuggestions, a man who knows agriculture and stock to plan forthem and lead the way.Water development is a prominent feature of our work.Without carrying that on continually everything else would suffer,We have planned considerable work for 1932, which will giveadditional stock and domestic water supply in parts of the reservationnow nearly without it. In this feature of our work, we are closelyco- operating with the Irrigation Service officials.The past year saw considerabi bridge and road work done.While we have very little money to do such work with, we are enabledto do much by increasing yearly the interest of our Indians andhaving them donate a great deal of labor. We purchased a good roadworking outfit this year and will keep it continually on the job all.this year, making good dirt roads in all sections of the reservation.Every year we try to get out at least 1,000 more fruittrees. The agency buys the trees on bids and the Indians pay all thecosts. This way we get trees for little money and the Indians takegreat pains to set them out properly, so the loss is little.Wepurchased sprayers this year for the Indians' use, and this hasaided the quality and quantity of their fruit. Our orchards lookfine.Our work for the elimination of scab has never let up.We are about rid of it. Our vats are in fine shape and will bekept that way. A Bureau of Animal Industry man has charge of this