PUEBLO DE SANTA CLARAthe amount of lo suffere by the Indians. It is sim.ply a ckno ent that in the method of phraseolOg. at Wee ployed, we might have made the matterclearer by different wording, and that the error of judgment,if yousoc call it, in plurasing itas we did phrase it, hasnowbeen corrected by this very elaborate and meticulous tabulation, which is made an exhibit and part of the report and isbeing filed with the reports of the Board.Q. Governor Hageman, does that tabulation giveanycolumn of value of improvements therein; or improvementsmade in the land!A. No. We might have put another column on it perhaps, by showing the exact deduction, but that is involved inthe explanation showing how it was arrived at.Q. In other words, the Board now desires it to be statedthat the difference betweenthe loss to the Indians and thevalue of the land andwater rights, exclusive of improvementsthereon,is the Board' s conclusionas to the value of the inprovements therein?A. Will yousay that again: I don' t think yourquestionis adequateQ. There is noseparate report to the court,or in thistabulation, in so many words of the value of theimprove.ments in the land. There issa report which you say shouldnow be considered as the report of the value of the land andWater rights exclusive of improvements on the land.A. Yes.Q. Following that there is a report of loss to the Indians.A. Yes.Q. The difference between these last two itemsis some$ 140, 000, whatever it is. Is, then, the Board' sconclusionsof the value of the improvementsin the land that last figure,—$ 140 000?A. Yes. The Board read this through the years with agreat deal of care that is section e — and determined that itwas its duty to first determine the fair market value of theland as designated in the said section c, and at the same timethe appraisement of the fair market value of the land; in order to arrive at our conclusions we should have an appraise.ment of the improvents, then we went on to the othe.item oi section 7, wlhich was a mandate upon us to the effec.