Taos, New MexicoJune 25, 1930.Mr. J. W. Elliott,Supt., Northern Pueblos Agency,Santa Fe, New Mexico.Dear Sir:In summing up the general health conditions at Taos andPicuris Pueblos. Te desire to report as follows:1. The general health conditions at the schools are verysatisfactory.2. There has been no epidemics during the year.3. The general sanitary conditions around the homes arefairly favorable. No additional facilities are needed in the homesat this time.4. We have only five cages of Trachoma which are receivingpersistant treatment, and we have no cases of pulmonary tuberculosisunder treatment. All our children are eligible for enrollment in theschools.5. We have ample hogpital facilities for treating tuberculosis, trachoma, and do not need any tent or temporary hospitals.6. The old Indians are very slow to use the hospital, althoughthe mumber of cases treated bas doubled itself during the last year,7. The venereal situation has much improved, a great dealless syphilis, but an increase in gonorrhea, though to no alarmingextent- syphilis five cases, gonorrhea seven cases, all receivingporsistant treatment.8. The medical work has vastly ingreased over former years.The purse will average about fifty treatments a week to ambulatorycases. The mubor of hospital cases have doubled during the year.9. Tould recommend that immediate arrangements be made tohave a competent dentist look after the school children during theschool months, also the placing of a bubble drinking fountain in thehall of day school buildings, the toilet facilities for boys and girlsaro vory inadequate. There should be several wash basins with runningwater in the school building.10. The purge has made daily visits to the homes in the Puebloto recommend sanitary health conditions, and direct home care of thesick.11. Tao Indian woman has been visited in her home and suggestions made as to ber welfar..12. The field mirso makes daily visits to all families callingon her for assistance.Respectfully,( signed) T. P. Martin, M.D.