Annual Report--
In addition to the lands mentioned above there are
approximately 20, 000 acres of land on the bench between
Wadsworth and the Lake and at the south east end of the lake
that might be put under irrigation, provided water were available.
The Spanish Sorings extension of the Newlands project conterıplates
taking in a portion of this land. As previously recorren ded to
the Office, I would suggest that if any of the Reservation lan das
be sold, that it be limited to the tract of land between Wadsworth
and a place along the Truckee River called" the narrows". This
would allow sufficient sa ce for the Indians between the Lake and
the narrows to graze their stock, and would keep white settlers
from getting a foot- hold on the lake.
The Indians have always depended upon Pyramid Lake for
a great share of the ir living, first by catching fish from the
Lake for their own use during all seasons of the year, and secondly,
by catching and marketing fish during the open fishing seas om
from 1May 31 to Deceriber 31, when they are allowed to sell fish to
outsiders. The Indians sell annually a great any Pyramid Lake
trout, for which it is estimated that they receive at least$ 5000.
It has been custorery in the past to give a permit to
the Nevada State Fish Hatchery to take spawn from the Reservation
in the spring time, with the understanding that, in return for this
privilege, the Hatchery would plant in the Lake Annually between
300, 000 and 400, 000 srall trout hatched from the spam.
Last spring when the Superintendent of the Fish Hatchery
attempted to take fish from the Lake to get spawn, the Indians
protested and requested that the permit be rescinded and the rien
put off the reservation, saying that they believed the fish spawned
in the river and it was not necessary for the State to plant any
fish in the Lake. This is contrary to the belief of scientific ren
who have made a careful study of the conditions at this place. The
result was that the Office directed the permit be rescinded unless
the Indians were willing for the spam to be taken from the
Reservation. No spawn was taken during the present season and
as this is a matter that deeply concerns the people of the State
and others, the matter will undoubtedly be brought up again by the
State. It is probable that the Indians will give their consent
to the takingof spawn by the State as there is a feeling anong many
of then that this would be decidedly to their interests.
The Indians of Pyramid Iia e Reservation are raising some
cattle, but not as riany as they might. They are being encouraged
to raise more.
The northern part of the reservation is leased to a sheep
ren, who pays annually$ 5000. for the privilege of using this part
