( c) No definite plans have been made against these diseasesother than general instructions to the patients to help protect themselves and others. Repeated Wassermann tests every year or at othertimes if needed. Thirty- three Wassermann tests were made during theyear on suspected cases. Instructions of the importance of takingthe treatments.The general medical work has been satisfactory to a greatextent during the year. Some of the Indians refuse medical and surgical care, Surgical work is done by Dr. Lane and myself at the U.S.Indian hospital in Santa Te.There has beon less sickness due to complications of syphilisinfections at San Juan Pueblo during the year due to the fact that manytools treatments for this trouble the year before. Eighty- one treatmentsof Neo- Salvarsan were given intravenously during the first four months of1930. There were thirty- threr Wassermann tests made. There were somelow cases that refused treatments. There were recorded 47 birthsand 27 deaths. There were four stillbirths recorded both as births anddeaths. There were sia Civil Service examinations made as follows:4 for Americans2 for IndiansConsiderable criticisms were received from the parents of theschool children at San Juan Pueblo on account of the Typhoid vaccine butafter being told the value of the vaccine they decided it was best tohave this work done.It has been very trying to do very much Public Health workwith the Indians as they do not want it, and fight all attempts that aremade along Public Health linos.There were sixteen extractions made on adults and forty- throomade on school children. The teeth of most of the Indians are in greatneed of dental care. The above extractions were made on the first teethof the school children and others that could not be repaired. Severalcases wor. takon to a dentist in Santa Te for dental work. The headliceand impetigo cases with the school children have been cleared up satisfactorily. S school children were examined for glasses and the twothat nooded glassos received them. All the school children at San JuanPueblo with the exception of one child and several adults receivedtyphoid vaccine on account of noar- by cases with the Spanish Americanpeopl..( 6)The most urgent needs for carrying on the medical orhealth work in the pueblos and at the schools are as follows:Clinic rooms at the pueblos especially at San Juan andSanta Clara pueblos.Dental work,