Santa Fe, N.4., July 28, 1924.-llgeological situation in the area between Farmingtonand the Monument Valley. However, the Office willdoubtless have to rely in the future, as we have inthe past, to a very great degree on the informationobtainable from Company and independent geologistsin the field. This was the only definite informationupon which we were able to make the initial offeringof leases, and nearly all of the Companies, includingthe Midwest, have been very generous in furnishing mewith such geological data and structural maps as theyhad at their disposal.NAVAJO EXTENSION.During the past year a great deal of time andenergy has been used in the attempt to add an areaof about a million acres around Crown Point to thereservation. I found very soon after I first wentinto the reservation that the matter of this extensionwas of more interest to most of the Fa va jos than a zo stany other one subject. This is espec ially true of theIndians in the eastern part of the present reservation,although practically all of the Navajos are now verykeen about it.Upon instructions from the Department I took thematter up vigorously. A meeting was held in Santa Feon October 16th last which was attended by CommissionerBurke, Dr. Marschalk, Chief of the Land Division of theIndian Office, by Messrs. 3. J. Engle and Howell Jones,Vice- President and Land Commissioner, respectively. ofthe San ta Fe Railroad, and the Superintendents of theCrown Point and Navajo superintendencies of the reservation, and various Indians, including Chee Dodge, thecha irman of the tribal council. There was also presentthe lieu tenant- Governor of New Mexico and the StateCommissioner of the General Land Office. Governor Hinklewas not in Santa Fe at the time, which was unfortunate.Senator Bursum also WBS present at the last session ofthis conference. The result of this conference wasthat a substantial agreement was reached 2.8 to the planproposed by the Indian office, which was in brief thata bill should be drawn up appropriating$ 200,000reimburse the owners of private holdings within theproposed extension, and that these and the railroadand state lands within the area should be exchanged forlieu lands outside of the aree. There was no opposition