3.Our Extension division is carrying on considerable experimentalwork in endeavoring to determine crops most adaptable to the varyingclimatic conditions found in this section of the country. Through the Indianorganizations the opportunity afforded to improvo the living conditions byagricultural pursuits is being emphasized, with the result that during thepast year several thousand additional acres Tore placod under cultivation.The Nava jos are more and more realizing the great advantage of farming inconnection with their stock raising. They are anzious to develop everyproject where there is opportunity for irrigation, and are more fully understanding the possibilities of dry farming in the higher elevations.4.A special effort is being made to provide a suitable acreage ofagricultural land for every individual on the reservation who has no othermeans of making a living. The Indian loaders are cooperating admirably inthis endeavor. There are very few, if any, able- bodied Nava jo Indians whomake no effort at self- support.5.The Navajo Indians possess very little modern farming equipment.The greater part of them have practically no equipment worthy of mention,except, perhaps, some hand tools. Their farming operations would be greatlyfacilitated 11 more suitable equipment were used. It is believed thatthrough our assistance and encouragement, more and better implements may beprocured by them. Some reimbursable assistance is given them in the purchase of farm equipment, but a great deal more help than can be afforded.with available funds is required to meet their neods.( a) The lives to ck and supplies purchased by the Indians fromre imbursable funds are almost invariably used advantageously.( b) Reimbursable purchases have been beneficial to the Indiansin promoting livestock and agricultural industries, and in home improvement.Through the purchase of better si res, the quality of their sheep and goatsparticularly has been greatly increased, and special effort is now beingdirected to breed up the horses and cattle.( c) Most of the work teams used by Indians are small Indian ponies.Better horses or mules are greatly needed, and stres have recently been purchased for use in meeting this need, The cooperation of the Indians inreducing surplus horses, and in improving the quality of those retained, isvery evident.6.Comparatively little fencing is done by the Indians, although muchis urgently required. It is quite difficult for them to obtain wire. Thenecessity of more and better fences is being realized, and the Indians aredoing their best to meet the demand.7.During the past two years practically every able- bodied Indian hasmade a substantial contribution towards road work. They do this willingly.The particular road projects are determined by the Chapter organizations,with the advice of our field representatives. Plans for carrying on thework are definitely determined at the Chapter meetings, and the very finestcooperation of the Indians is invariably secured.12