Seniors
Dominique Loretto" Dom/ Nikki" Jemez Pueblo
Yes we did it SENIORS! 2009! First of all I want to thank all my teachers
and staff for helping me through my four years of high school, thank you. I
especially want to thank my mom for helping me through school ans pushing
me to reach my goal. Thank you mom I love you! To my grandma and
Sheena, thank you for helping me. To my great grandma Caroline, who is
not here, but has pushed me to work for my dreams, I love you! To my two
best girls Kimbo& Tal, thank you for all the good times I had with you, I' m
gonna miss you guys! To my girl Kirsten, damn, where should I start, thank
you for all the fun and crazy times we shared together, gonna miss you.
Norma, Vern, Amber, thank you for the good times and laughs we had in
the dorm. Rose& Nat& Christian thanks for being there and having fun
together. Ribert& Aileen, my island buddies, thank you for not kicking me
off LOL gonna miss you guys! Wish the bestnof luck to everyone else. I' m
out!:-)
Ashley Samuel
Tesuque Pueblo
pus
yea
Good luck next year Como!
I would like to say thank you to my family, the Pueblo of
Tesuque Governor, my bus driver Rick Montoya and all the
staff at SFIS. A special thanks to Rebecca, Isaiah, Como, Diego
and Mrs. Crespin for making my HS days fun and educational. I
will miss all of you!
I w
tha
all
of
fric
fun
god
PF
Dennis Lucero Isleta
Gina Lucero San Felipe Pueblo
The first people that I would like to Thank are my parents, Melissa and Roqul
Thank You mom and dad for putting up with me all the years I' ve been in school at
all the struggles e' ve been through, alyays supporting me with what ever decision
was to make. I LOVE YA BOTH MUAH!!!!
To my younger siblings Dill, Nic and Sky- Pie, you better keep up the good work,
REALLY goes by fast and make good choices( this is mainly for Dylan). I LOVL
YA GUYZ! To ALL my cousins still going to school Nukitz, Amber( Abby) beha
and make the best of what you still have. I would also like to thank ALL the teacher
that put up with me over the years, thanks, I appreciate it greatly. To mall
coaches Andre- Seatha, Patrice, Trine, Coach Kline, Grimley, Ed, Johnny( you we
one of the most amazing coaches I will ever have), Lynden, and Paul thanks for 2
the good times at practices and on game days, I' m going to miss all the fun times we
had. To Dove my BFF/ partner in crime, I LOVE YA and thanks for always bein
there for me,
and thanks for all the good times we had I' m really going to miss those days. To Lu my SHP partner friend, ol' roomie, thanks for all the good times we had, and
Jay- Bay I' m going to miss you! You better keep outta trouble and keep your big mouth closed, and you better do good next year LOVE YA both. To Mac Nasty
=) thanks for always being there for me LOVE YA! To all my girls Vern( cuz), Nat, Normz, Rose, Dom, Riah, Riah- bug, Jordan, Miranda, Leslie, Crissy, J9
whoa- whoa, Kimbo Ape, Shay,. And I can' t forget all the home boys Dennis my other love, James, Juanico, Brad, Scott, Jeremy, Stevs, Trev, Shelone, Eugene
Lucero, Kasey, Cory, Glenn, Mooki, Greg, Dust, and Tristan Thanks for all the Good Times over the years I' m going to miss everyone( sniff- sniff)=( and to
the Class of' 09 YAY WE DID IT!!! CLASS OF' 09 BABY!!!!!
22
