Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
ventilated, at its best an ideal desert home, at its worst
far better than the hermetically sealed log houses that
have brought disease and death to so many Indians.
The saw mill continues to operate on the plan iDllowed
last year. During the svmmer and fall two men are kept
busy preparing logs for the mill yard. Later in the
fall, when the farm work for the season has been completed
two farm teams, one fr on the San Juan school and one from
the Toadlene school, are sent to the forest
to place these
logs in the yard. The lumber is fabricated in February
and March. This plan was varied somewhat this past season
as it became necessary to cut out some 50, 000 feet in the
lete fall and early winter for special purposes, otherwise
he plan as outlined was followed.
The demand for under iro In Indians shows no âecrease.
They are charged twenty dollars per thousand at the mill
and pay under the reimbursable plan. They have never before
had access to lumber and it would appear that the demand
would continue for some years. It is used by the Indians
for roofs, floors, doors, irrigation structures, etc. The
supply available for sale to Indians was somewhat reduced
this year by other unexpected demands. The citizens of
Cortez, Colo. and the adjacent country decided to grade
a road iron Cortez to Shiprock to connect with the Federal
ia Highway that is building from Gallup to Shiprock, and,
as 20 miles of this road was on the San Juan jurisdiction
and the work all being d one by a onetion, the San Juan office
furnished 50, 000 feet of lumber for bridges and culverts
Then it was proposed to remodel two cottages at the boaalena
school and this required an additional 20, 000 feet. It is
further proposed to erect a frame building at Shiprock to
accommodata was class rooms and for gymnasiun purposes and
this required an additional 60, 000 Ifeet. All of which cut
into the available supply.
I night state that there can be no econonic development
of grazing until s omething is a one to get rid of these
worthless ponies that infest the range. It is estimated
that there are from 15, 000 to 50, 000 ponies and horses on
the San Juan jurisdiction. Of course a few of these are
valuable, but many of them are almost if not quite worthless
Were it not for the fact that the Navajo eats horse neat
and slaughters his ponies for food purposes exectly as he
would slaughter a sheep or a goat, I would say that the
29
