Jose D. Sann, Jr., vitness for defendant intee above entitleduse having firstbeen duly son by the C2 Crk or the Pueblo Lands Dcaon, to-t, Octobe er 18, 1956, to testify thetruth, the Whole truth andnothing but the truth in saidcause, testified as followsD RECT. E TICIT BY IDN. GEORGE A. H. FRASER.Q. You are the Sens who testified earlier regarding theSantacars Pueblo Classicationtable?A. I erQ: Did you make a similar table shoring the classificationat Pojoaque?A. I did.Q. Is Defendant' s exhibit io, 2 that table?A. It isQ. That can you say as to the dataTro Thick that tablawas prepared,were they derived fromthe sane sources in this Publo as the SantaClara déta were in that Euablo?A. Yes sir.Q. Thathave you to say about thefigures and computations in this tabloA. There is a discrepancy bet: Oen the total figures in this table andthe figures slicin in the Board' s RсportIT. 2in that Report io. 2the fair mark value exclusiveof improverentscites a figure aſ115, 306. 56 nicRoaste tablethich I have prepared gives the totalof i15. 2. 03 al init J152. 55 less then to 1igure in the report,Which is corret the report or the table?A. The tableState hether or not the figures and computations sn. on on the tableare correct?A. There is anotherdiscrepancy.* Tue Tirre in the report as to the netloss to the Indians is1, 679, 79 ſlereas the table which I leave preparedBlves a* total of 51, 060. 29, increasingthe award to the Inians by O2 200. 50.Q: HIoTaid that mistakearise?A.I was requestedby the Board to give them a final figure and I had todo it in s evlat of a hurry and in the rean timeOn ort? tracts7hich were at first area unextinguishedTuere changed in to the etinguished classQ: Therefore you would say that the figures on the table are car rect?A. Yes sir.Dr. Hagerman: I will sey at this time that an arnended report will bemade to show this Lai sake and increasing the award by$ 200. 50,LR. FRASER addressing ir. Fahy: ir, Fahy, have you receive thc.isfran the Pue vio of pm jeague to represent them in this case?R.Ar:I do not act Dr. Fraser. A written authorizationwasLAto there to stan but do not know the ther they have sent it in or not,but I Inderstandthat such a thority and ll ye g".ven.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk