The proposed sanatarium for this reservation should be
built at the earliest date possible to get it. Many boys and girls
are sent home from outside schools with T. B., some of whom might
be saved if we had such an institution. We have no way to look
after or do for them so far as giving them real attention is
concerned, for parents will not give consent to their removal
to outside sanatarius.. Such an institution would serve a large
territory- Western Navajo, Leupp and Hopi. It should be at
least a 65- bed hospital, completely equipped for T. B. work.
The conditions and location, obtaining at Oraibi, are desirable.
A serious handicap here is the shortage of office help. Two
more clerks are necessary if the superintendent gets out into the
field as he should and the office work is kept up. We are way
behind. We have a good office force what there is of it, but
it is too small and the work makes for dissatisfaction because the
present force is unable to do it. We have six schools, growing all
the times, with a vast amount of business administration for
two tribes of Indians. Four clerks can not nearly do the work.
We need an excellent stenographer and another clerk on general work,
especially accounting work. When the" economy wave hit the Indian
service it carried away from us 17 positions and we have never been
able to get back on our feet again. Paper work is continually
increasing. I have to spend entirely too much of my time in the
Office for the good of the Indians.
Our general hospital at the agency here should be made to
cover more work and do more for the Indians by adding a murses'
quarters near same and enlarging the kitchen of hospital. This
would give us more room in the hospital and be much more desirable
for the employees there. We need a night nurse at hospital very
badly. This institution is doing fine work under Dr. Lynwalter,
Tour field matrons and four farmers should be given the
Navajos if we are ever to get them to a place where they may be
almagamated into the citizenship of the state. This is an important
matter for we have no field nurses, matrons or farmers or stockmen
working anong the Navajos, as we have among the Hopis,
A special grafifying feature of the work here this past
year is the reorganization of the Navajo Council at this agency.
The old chief died. A new chief was selected. New head men were
elected. New judges were named, and then two Tribal Delegates were
elected in May. This gives me an excellent organization of natives
among the Navajos for conference, aiding in business administration
and in conducting the general affairs of the reservation. One
meeting is held each month at the agency. Probably about three
