LAST WORDSSix long years is finally going to come to an end as we, the senior class of 2011, graduate!Darren Miguel Toya, I thank you because you have watched over me and protected methrough my senior year. I know you' ll be with me, though you may not be with us. R. I. P. Iwould like to thank my best friends, my supporters, my# 1 fans, my mother and stepfather, forsticking with me through thick and thin. You' ve guided me through these little steps towardsthe future, now it' s time for me to learn for myself. To all my coaches: Stuber, Cici, Johnny,Jojo, Slacker, Mama Coach, thank you for pushing me to play to the best of my ability. Tothe Jemez crew, it wouldn' t have been an awesome last year if it weren' t for all of you.Thanks! To Sherice and Jesshie, please do not procrastinate next year. It will bite you in thebehind, and trust me, it' s not worth it. But have fun next year because it' ll go by fast! Now Isave the best for last, my best friends Derek Colins Valdo and Chelsea Shendo! Thank you forhelping me through thick and thin. You both made high school very memorable. I am dearlygoing to miss the both of you, but we did it! Congratulations to the class of 2011 and best ofluck to all of you!JessicaTsosieAren' t you glad it' s over? I know I am. Thanks Amber, Daphne, John and Hez for helping meget through this thing they call school. Without you guys I don' t know what I would' ve donehere. Thanks for all the awesome times we had together. You guys are irreplaceable. Thanksto the LMC crew for all the laughs and stupid moments we shared. Without Ant and Ambermy flex time would' ve been boring. A special thanks to my parents because without you two Idon' t think I would' ve made it this far. Even though hard times you two kept pushing me.Thanks to my older sister, Juana, for being my shoulder to lean on and on and for getting afterme when you knew I could do better. To my grandparents, I would like to say I love you andthank you for all the advice. To all my teachers who actually cared about my education, I saythanks. Without your knowledge I wouldn' t have learned some valuable lessons. To all theother people I forgot to mention, I just want to say thank you because you helped me in someway. As I close this chapter of my life, I open another.LenaTurivoFirst of all, I would like to thank my mom for all your support and encouragement. Thank youmom, I love you so much!! I would also like to thank my amazing, crazy siblings Tranette,Gina, and Buck. I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!! I would also like to thank my wonderful SLA andRA, Anita and Florence, you guys are the best. I love you like family. Thanks for all thesupport and for being there for me through everything! Then, I' d like to thank my biggestsupport of all, my boyfriend Pat. I love you so much. You are always there for me througheverything. Thank you so much. Lastly, I' d like to thank my friends Justina, Jeff, Donna, Jas,Brandi, Hannah, and Jamita. Thank you guys for all the laughs, good times and support. Youguys are the greatest!! Well, were finally graduating class of 2011! Yay, finally!!SFISChristinaTurrietta