Annual ReportLaw& Order- 9Santa Fe Schooland Agency,to liquor traffic among the pueblos, He would also be amost potent factor in the curbing of the lawless drinkingOlement in the pueblos. The pueblog have a wholesomerespect in common with the people of the state at largefor the mounted policI would not recommend the appointment of anypresent member of Chief Special Officer Larson' s forcefor this work. It is necessary that a man should bethoroughly conversant with conditions in New Mexico andamong the Pueblo Indians, A thorough speaking and writingknowledge of Spanish would be essential. I have such aman in view in Mr. C. F. Lambert, a present member of theMounted Police of New Mexico. I regard him as an exceptional officer among the men engaged in the enforcementof law, with whom I have come in contact In my experiencein the Liquor Service and as a superintendent. He has beenon the Mounted Police force for two years, and has an excellent record for aficiency, honesty and industry. Ibelieve the appointment of Mr. Lambert would carry greatweight with Governor McDonald in consideration of our request for mounted police commissions for our Indian deputies, where Buch are needed to assist Mr. Lambert undorhis immediate supervision,The success of a step of this kind will dependaltogether upon the qualifications of the man appointed tocarry on this work. He must have the qualities, which Ihave Btated are possessed by Mr. Lambert, and he must havea knowledge of New Mexico, its natives and the Indians, andespecially conditions here which I have montioned. I knowof no way of meeting the conditions here, in the constantlyincreasing drunkenesp in the pueblos with ts tendency toward lawlessness and general disorder, except the plan Ihave outlined above in the Omployment of a special officer,commissioned by the governor of the state as a mounted police,to act in the enforcement of state law among the Pueblo Ind.ians, such an olicer would act under direction of the ChiefSpecial officer, and in direct cooperation with this ofco,I believe the services of Mr. Lambert could be secured inthis capacity at the salary he now receives of 100. 00 permonth, together with 63. 00 per diem and expenses whon