It has been a great experience for me coming to school here atSFIS. I would like to thank everyone here at SFIS for makinghigh school memorable. A big shout out to my Braves footballfamily and Coach Vigil, Coach Trujillo, Coach Yardman,and the rest of the coaching staff for pushing and helpingme on and off the field to become a positive young man andleader. Playing football has been definitively one of the besthighlights of my life. A very special shout out to my mom,family, and my girlfriend Alisha. I cannot thank everyoneenough. Love you all! Wishing nothing but the best in life tomy fellow seniors, the Class of 2017. Dominic Starnta“ Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living. It' s a way oflooking at life through the wrong end of a telescope ”.- Dr.Seuss. The time is here to say goodbye to my fellow classmatesand say hello to adulthood. I would like to thank my familyfor their support and encouragement throughout the specialmilestone. I would like to thank my mom for the endlessmotivation and support. I would also like to thank my Sayaafor the teaching me valuable lessons in life and to rememberto always depend on myself and not others. I learned topersevere and to finish what I start. I have met wonderfulpeople who have truly impacted my life for the greater good. Iwish you all success in the path you choose to take.Heaven TalachyClass of 2017, we made it! It feels like just yesterday wewere all enrolling to attend school at SFIS, and now we aregraduating. We are leaving behind the place that has beenour second home. We are leaving the place where friendshipsare created, memories shared, happiness was spread, andwhere we have grown up. I know the journey to graduatehas been long and difficult, but we have greatly accomplishedthe endeavor, with hard work and dedication. A very bigthankyou to my family, for their endless support and wordsof knowledge throughout my education. To my friends, thankyou all for the great memories and laughs we have shared.Class of 2017, congratulations! Best wishes, Camryn TenorioSHES SO CUTE117