SECTION 10
INDUSTRIES:
Six farm chapters have been organized among the
Indians and it is found that these organizations are
of great benefit, not only for the Indians themselves,
but to me in administrating the affairs of the reservation ·
and handling the industrial program. The officers of
these various organizations are proving themselves to
be very efficient and the members of the organizations
de pe nd a great deal upon the judgment of the officers,
and the latter very frequently act as spoke smen for the
chapter to which they belong, and in this way much can be
accomplished by dealing with an individual re ther than
a group, and the same, if not better results are obtained.
It is our present plan to introduce new vegetables during
the coming year. At the present time the main diet of
the Indians consists of corn and mu tton. It is believed
that an addition consisting of carrots and other ve getables,
to their diet, will be valuable to them from a health
standpoint, and it is quite probable that a sufficient
quantity can be produced so that they can dispose of the
surplus to the school. During the season, just pas sed,
this school purchased from the Indians a considerable
quantity of squash, watermelons and so forth, which products
were raised by the Indians and provided them with a small
reve mue which was used for the purchase of clothing and
other necessary supplies. Much stress is being la id upon
the advantage of producing more and selling the surplus
to the school in order that a cash re venue may be derived
for the purchase of needs which cannot be produced.
As previously stated, a very concentrated effort is
being put forth to encourage more Indians to farm larger
areas. The results during the past season have been most
gratifying and the present attitude of the Indians indicate
that they realize the situation with which they are confronted,
in that they must reduce their flocks and depend more upon
farm and garden products for their living. The industrial
program, as outlined, contemplates the encouragement of
our Indians on the reservation and it is believed that this
will tend to bring those Indians who heretofore may have
done but very little toward the support of themselves and
families into the field of activity.
The Indians are not all provided with suitable
equipment and this is a matter which is receiving our
seriour consideration and attention. Purchases are being
made from reimbursable funds of implements for their use,
and it is hoped that in time we will have them all suitably
