ANNUAL REPORT, 1928*-- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO
NARRATIVE
Section No. III---- SCHOOLS
There is but one public school on the reservation and as it is
filled to capacity with white children no Indians attend it.
The school facilities on the Zuni reservation are more than
adequate for our needs. We have 80 of the Zuni children in the sana
torium school and hospital. We have a day school with a capacity
or 150 and an enrollment of 116. The Catholic mission has a capacity
of 150 and an enrollment of 101. The Protestant mission with a ca
paçity of 90,. nas an enrollment of 62. By keeping the fifth grade
this year in the day school and increasing. The grade to the sixth
next year it is hopěd that our enrollment there may more nearly ap
proacn the capacity of the school.
The greatest deed of the day school is paint on the inside and
and outside of the school building. It is hoped that this need may
be supplied throughout the vacation period if the recommended budget
request for the next fiscal year is allowed. A better fence is also
needed at this plant as well as a building for a storehouse for en
ployees and a double garage. At the sanatoriura school the greatest
need is for individual coal houses and a poultry house. We also need
additional quarters for employees as it is necessary to have quarters
in the old irrigation buildings waich are not fit for human habita
tion. In the way of employees, we are well supplied with the excep
tion of a school f' armer. This is a position which is very greatly
needed for irrigating and harvesting our seventy acre tract of al
falfa, and raising a garden to diversify the diet of the sanatorium
children, and for the raising or feed for our dairy herà.
We have no graduates from our local schools but have returned
students from non- reservation schools. The work among the returned
students will be discussed in another section.
The character and efficiency of the mission schools compare.
quite favorably with the Government schools, botin Catholic and Pro
testant missionaries cooperating with the superintendent and with
the day school inspector. Joint teachers' meetings were held the
past year and teachers from all schools met together for the discus
sion of the many problems in connection with their work.
The morality of the Zuni Indians compares quite favorably with
that of other Indians in this section. In many ways they are more
