( 6)Industries( continued)Hopi Indian Agency( a) We have no organization of farmers and stockmen on this reservation. We have no industrial organi zations among these Indians. There aretoo many clans, too many different villages.( b) We have had no agricultural extension work during the yearwith the cooperation of the U. S. Department of Agriculture or the State Agricultural College. These Indians desire to be left alone, so far as the adultsare concerned. Boys and girls clubs have been organized at the Day Schoolsand they carry it on during school periods.We have introduced several new plants and trees on this reservat ion.This year I am trying to get the Indians to plant more cherries, plums, apples,prunes, etc., to get a variety of fruit and not have all peaches. We haveintroduced new melons, onions, etc., in their crop making efforts.These Indians have market facilities for everything they can raise andthey get good prices for everything they make or raise. They also tradewith adjacent Indian tribes as far away as New Mexico, getting good pricesfor their manufactured things, such as silverware, blankets, pottery, baskets,etc. We have a number of licensed traders and other dealers who take everything these Indians of fer to sell.( a) The dealings of these traders appear to me to be fair andsquare although I some times think that dealers or traders put too high aprice on subsistence supplies.We have no mill project or merchen table timber on the reservation.We have a number of ruins, ancient Indian communities or homes on thereservation. We have no cliff dwellings.We have no Indian fairs. We believe these Indians should exhibit atcounty or state or private fairs in competition with the whites.We have nocolebrations on the reservation during the year, nothing butceremonial dances.We get together several times during the year in different districts andtalk over the needs of the Indians in that district. We do not have anybarbecues or celebrations, strictly gatherings of public nature.The Indians on the Beservation can graze wherever their Indian stockmoves or travels. Indian stock is all over the reservation, not confinedto any particular part of it.