2009
Kristin Pedro
Laguna Pueblo
Well... My last words! Well Seniors of' 09 We made it! Yeah:) I would like
to thank my Mom, Baba, Baba Terri, My brother Darren James, Justina
Rae and Tayla Rose for being there for me throughout my whole 14 years
of education! Thanks for your support! Love you all! I will miss all my
friends! Des, Vic( I love cheese), Nia, Jeremy C, Jeremy S. Diandra C.,
Matt T., and more! Now Seniors! Lorein, Jenise, Barb, Norma( Blond).
Keep in touch. Okay lets make a difference! Thanks for the laughs, smiles
and fun times off- campus! Love you all. Thanks teachers, family and
friends. Oh Diandra, need frybread grease! You know who to ask JK. love
you all, for your support. love Kristin P. Muahh! Bye! P. S. Jeff H. Damn
your still walk' n/ Oh Lorein! Check ya' later Check ya' later
Cameron Quintania Cochiti/ San Felpie Pueblo
Hmm where do I start off? First of all I' d like to thank my parens for always
being there for me whenever I needed them, and pushing me to continue my
education. I' d like to thank all of my teachers especially Luke. Phelps.
Kambeitz, Sallah, Guerin, and Miera who pushed me to become a better
student, and to turn in my work for the hghest credit possible. Also I' d like to
thank Bill, Scott, Dorothy, and Jeanette for being there for me when I needed
them whether it was to over look my papers, or go on munchie runs. And to the
kids who helped me get through these long years of high school, Lawrence, Joe,
Ray, and other people I disn' t mention, thanks for the laughs and fun memories
that I' ll hold onto for all time. And to the underclassmen, Kayla, Red, Thomas,
Alyssa, Kanora, Syia, Aaron, and others, thanks for being the frineds that you
were and still are. I just wanna tell you guys to not give up and have as much
fun as possible while you' re still in high school because you' re not that far away
from becoming the class of 2010. To the class of 2009!! I' d like to thanks all of
you for the memories, and fun times we had as a class, and I wish all of you the
best of luck in the future and hope you all pursue your dreams whatever they
may be. Laters ya'!!!!!! 2K9!!
Barbara Rivera Cochiti
Alyssa Roanhorse Navajo Nation
CLASS OF 2009 WE MADE IT BABY, STAY COOL AND GOOD
LUCK IN YOUR FUTURE. I want to thank my family for always
pushing me to do my best and always being there for me. Mt little sister
Nana, girl stay in school don' t drool but stay cool:) I love you and thanks
for being there for me. To the love of my life Jon i love you baby so much
thank you for everything and thanks for being there and supporting me
especially our fun moments. My besties Castia, Brad, Shadie, Leslie, Lu,
Tiff, Sam G., Sam T., Lace, and all the other besties you know who you
are for all the crazy, and fun memorable moments we had together
GONNA MISS YA AND LOVE YA. To the teachers that help me
through the tough times and helping me out just want to say THANK
YOU!! To the underclass men have fun, and do your homework. Your
high school years go by fast so take it a day at a time. PEASH KIDS.
