0
1
1
( 18)
indicate that civilization, business and transportation will
approach these Indians for many years, a statement that
schools will have to be conducted here by the Government for
the next 50 to 100 years is not extravagant. I have several
times shown through computations in reports that, if no greater
progress is made in the education of the Navajo, there will
be uneducated Nava joes on this reservation in the years 1975
to 2000. If during 1918 school facilities could be had for
the enrollment of every Navajo child between 6 and 18 years
those missed from 19 up would present the fact that the last
uneducated one would likely reach 1960, according to the
American Experience Table of Mortality. This does not fix
the length of education, for facilities would have to be
kept for the second and third generations of those educated
from 1918 on.
INDUSTRIES:
That part of Circular 1106 and its supplement requesting
information concerning the agricultural possibilities of this
Moqui Reservation is not applicable in the sense that the
reservation presents agricultural possibilties. The Hopi and
Navajo Indians farm such fields and patches as are essential
to their winter foodstuff needs. It is a constant vicious
struggle with an unrelenting desert at a high altitude.
Acreage was increased during 1917, because of the urgent
Increased Cultivation Campaign, but the Indians had little
or no market for the surplus, if any. It is not believed
there resulted a great surplus. The reservation is not
allotted, and all farming is on the communal system as applied
to families, clans or factions. The Indians care for their
equipment as best they may, under the circumstances of their
mode of life. The reservation does not produce lumber, and
therefore the necessary sheds are lacking.
The roads on the reservation are kept up so as to insure
wheeled transportation( wagons), using Agency farmers when
available in the direction of the work, and requisitioning the
labor of Indians when large gangs are necessary.
It cannot
be stated that our road system is perfect or even to be admired.
No moneys are apportioned to this end, and there must be 1000
miles of road on the reservation. When a road off the main
highways washes out, the next wagon begins the repair work by
pushing dovm the soft yielding sand bank. All roads on the
Ilavajo reservations, including Moqui, were at first trails,
then wagon- tracks, and finally a winding pair of ruts is formed.
Anything that wheels can be forced over is a road. The rocky
ledge roads of the Hopi mesas present the greatest difficulties
in repair and here, together with the arroyo crossing of main
