Annual
Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency.
December last, the well failed to develop but about 50%
of its former production, a condition brought about by
drain ditch which had been dug during the early summer
of 1925. Hence, altho, due to the opening of the Miese
school, the demands for water were twice as great as
during former years, the available supply wes only about
50% of the supply formerly available. At first we almost
diespaired securing water in quantith es sufIicient to
warrant the operation of the school, but, by setting
the pump to operate at the slowest speed possible and
thus operating it continuously from 4: 30 A. L. to
10: 00 P. M. we managed to keep the pipes Pull end to
accumulate a little reserve in the reservoir, which
accumulation Wes usually not si£ficient to supply the
requirements of the night, with the result the t the
pipes were empty in the morning when the pump: Was
started.. ere the pump operated at e more rapid pace
the only result was that the supply in the well was
exhausted in a very few minutes with e consequent de
ley of as many hours Swaiting a fresh accumulation
in the well. By this method of pumping the water pipes
were empty fully three quarters of the time during the
dey and throughout the night.
The water supply at the San Juan school has always
been of wretched quality but, during the Winter 1925- 26,
while the quality was unimproved, it was only by the
most careful and economical, not to say miserly, use
of the IIailable supply that we rere able to operate
the school. From the view point of water- supply it was
the worst year the school ever experienced.
I do not wish to be understood as saying that the
large reservoir, constructed in 1925, is a, failure,
simply that it failed last winter to do what it had
been expected to do, and that this condition was large
ly a direct result of the storm of September 18th. Had
it not been ior this storm end the resultant damage to
the Hogback canal, the water stored in this reservoir
would have sufficed for December and January instead
of being consumed in October and November and, in all
probability, had this canal continued to operate as
usual until December first, the quantity stored would
have been considerably greater, possibly enough to carry
the school through the winter.
15
