Hopi 24.
GENERAL REMARKS.
As I have inferred in these pages, the prospects for
these Indians seem to be very favorable. They seem to
be friendly and eager to do better financially and
come to me for advice and assistance. I believe if I could
only get barbed wire for their use it would be the most
decisive step for their direct and immediate betterment
the Government could make. Most these Indians really
do not have any way to get this wire. If they have
crops they must have fencing.
The Health Work of the agency hospital this past
fiscal year has been poor, owing to a poor physician
when we had one and the absence of one part of the year.
We have a fine hos pital and it should be at least
85 per cent efficient all, the year around.
The folcks and herds look fine and they are in
proving in quality each year. I believe we will practically
eliminate scab among the sheep by this year's dipping.
The Indian in no way protest diiping or dipping charges.
This is abbg help to them and to us.
With the opening of the new Navajo school at the
agenoy this past fiscal year we were able to remove most
the antagonism to sending children away to schools and
got nearly all out Navajo children in school the past year.
In filling our quotes and increasing the enrollment in
our own Navajo school this coming year to 150 we will
just about clean up all the reserve and get into school
all Navajo and Hopi children of school age eligible,
excepting those held by the Navajos at home to care for
the sheep and old and indigent members of the tribe.
W very badly need an effective and sincere Law and
Order police force or a force of men who will maintain
decent law on on this reserve. This is a very important
need when you fully consider it. These Indians have one
way of handling their affairs and the whites just outside
the boundaries of the reserve have another. Both should
be under the same laws and made to resepect them. No
citizen can be a good citizen unless he is properly
controlled by good laws.
These Indians are waking up fast to the needs of
grading their wool before offering it for sale and
