Leupp Indian School& AgencyLeapp, ArizonaHealth.Section IINarrative.Coming in the Tall and lasting through one of the very severostspols of cold woathor over experienced in this locality, the SpanishInfluenza, known as the" FLU", worked havoc among the Indians.Hero at the School I established a rigid quarantine and wasfree from the flu with it everywhere around me. I was hoping againsthope that the school would escape. I warned the Indians away from theschool and positively forbade the children from communicating in anyway with their relatives or others.But in spite of all efforts it got in and spread like wildfireand in a few days there were only four of us on our feet. Dr GeorgeP. Sampson did splendid work, coming from Winslow 26 miles every dayand bringing nurses. As fast as one nurse would go down he wouldbring another. We lost one constitutionally weak girl about twelveyears old and a fine strong boy of the same age. Both from pneumonia.On the reservation conditions were terrible. I could not getmedical attendance of a ny kind for the Indians. With their habits itis doubtful if doctors and medicine would have done much good. Butthey could not be obtai ned. Every doctor and nurse inthe country wasbusy ten times over.I sent out large quantities of purgatives which the Indiansafterwards told me sa ved many lives. I also sent instructions as todiet and protection from cold. One Indian kept guard at the entranceof his hogan and never let anyone in or his wife and four smallchildren out until they were well. As near as I have been able todetermine the death rate was about ten per cent.No work has been done to improve sanitary conditions among theIndians as there is no one to do this work. There are no fieldmatrons or other field employes who could at tend to this work. Mostof the time there has beena temporary physician who did fine Workhere at the school but who could not reach any Indians repoved anydistance from his line of travel from Winslow to the school.The hospital is the usual one for a small school and whileevery advantage of climabb and location is here no steps have everbeen taken to inclrese the facilities for handling patients.With exception of the Flu epidemic health conditions have beenvery good. Exceptionally so at the school. And while the boys returned from the beet fields in a shaky condition they rapidly pulledtogether here and got back their weight and strength. Five of myboys died at the beet fields, and I know that everything that couldpossibly be done was done for them.