village. They build better homes and keep their homes in a bettermanner, thus showing that our schools have made some real impressionupon their lives.The schoolshave been carryingout the course of study verythoroughlyand a very high percent of the pupils in each gradepassed to the next higher grade at the close of the schools thisfiscal year. Thachers have been requiredto keep close to theirdaily outlinesand programsthroughoutthe year. Our schools arewell equipped and the text books in use are on the authorizedlistof the course of study.Industrialwork has taken the form of 4- H Club work; sewingclubs and cooking clubs for the girls, rabbit clubs, garden olubs,chicken clubs and handicraftclubs for the boys. The greatestusehas been made of the rabbit and handicraftclubs. In additiontothis work much of the sewing carriedin the regular course ofstudy has been accomplishedby the teachers.All of our school plants are in good shape except Sia wherethe teachersquarterswere destroyedby fire during the past winter.Money has been allottedto build a new modern school plant at thispoint and this will be completedbefore the winter sets in. A newschool plant is being constructedat Isleta for the Chicaledistrictand will open in September.Employeeshave proved themselvesloyal to the Indian Serviceand on the whole efficient. They have cooperatedfully in preparing the many reportsrequiredby the Service and in doing all kindsof extra work in their districts. Accommodationsfor the employeesare good and are being improved28 rapidly as funds are available.The relationshipexistingbetweenschoolsof this jurisdictionandthe authoritiesof the public schools are of the best. Our schoolsexist for the purpose of teachingthe Englishlanguageand Englishcustoms within the pueblo. With the excellentwork which has beendone among the communitiesand the fine cooperationof the teachersWe believethat our schoolshave been unusuallysuccessfulduringthe past year.The most importentwork that has been done by our schoolsduring the past yoar has been in the introductionof a system of teaching which has increasedthe comprehensionof Englishin a measurabledogree. Our teachershave been directedand assistedin encouragingthe Indians to make use of their own art.There does not seem to be any race questionand the PuebloIn dians minglefreelywith their neighborswhereverthey are locatodin the state.