Leupp Indian School& AgencyLeapp, AnzoniNarrative.Section IVIndustries.The Indians principal dependence is their sheep. There isnothing else that compares in importance as a source of revenue. Andthere is nothing else that ever can, in the nature of things. Thesturdy Navajo sheep is the only animal, except the goats, that canprofitably stand the conditions that obtain in the greater part ofthe Navajo country.So much has been said about" improving" the Navajo sheep thatthere is danger of entertaining an idea that there is somethingradically wrong with the type. Nothing could be further from thetruth. Nor is the Navajo sheep a deterioration from a better breed.There is good reason to believe that the sheep was originallybrought from the mountains of Spain where the identical type is saidto be common now. The Merino is the heavy bodied sheep of the plainsin that country.By breeding with the Merino the Navajo can be given alittleheavier body and a little better fleece. But this must be done withcaution or the desert resisting characteristics of the type are aptto be modified to an unprofitable point. Then you have to go back tothe Na vajo. There is no sheep that can stand the lack of feed andwater and the necessary travel that the Na va jo can.Range conditions during the past fall and winter were as badon the reservation range as possible, and the loss was heavy. But itis certain that few of any other type of sheep would have survivedat all.To radically change the type of sheep for the Na va jo wouldnot be beneficial under all the circumstances.Besides the sheep the Indians have some few cattle, and quitea number of horses. The number of horses has been exagerated, andduring the past three years many brood mares have been destroyed onaccount of dourine. The good effect of the dourine work by theBureau of Animal Industry officials is becoming very noticeable.There is no farming that could reasonably be so denominated.During a favorable season the Indians plant corn wherever the moistureis sufficient. Also melone, pumpkins, squash, and sometimes beans. Butthese are all planted in small fields and worked with a hoe. Thereis no water for irrigation except from the summer rains, and thesesource is very uncertain. This is very decidedly not an agriculturalcountry.Here near the school I have developed a nice little farm. Weare handling about ten acres and have in considerable corn, melons,and garden vegetables. I had to entirely abandon the so- called farmused previously as the black alkalai made successful agriculturethere impossible.