-3Law& Order( Contimed)Hopi Indian Agencypronounced among the Hopis in the Hotevilla community, the most backwardpeople on this reservation. On account of outside influence and adviceto the people here, we have had quite a great deal of trouble to get theseyoung people to properly observe the merriage customs of the State. Ifthey were left alone, we could get them to merry legally but the influenceof the older and adult people who fight the government in every way areagainst us in this matter and they practically prevent these young peoplefrom using their own judgment as we practically have no legal authorityfor compelling people to become legally married outside of Indian custom.The greatest ne ed at present, as I have said above, is extension of statelaws governing these affairs on this reservation. There must be legalauthority back of the superintendent to force proper and legal marriageceremonies among these Indians. If we had such laws through the prosecution of a few who defy us, there would be no trouble with the rest. Ifwe are to have decent home conditions, the very foundation of good citizenship, we must have legal marria ge and divorce among these Indians.( b) The Field Matrons have been a wonderful help to me in secur ingthe compliance of most of our young people to state laws in this respect.Most of the young people, I am glad to say, especially among the Hopis,are getting married in legal way and when there is necessity for divorceor applying for divorce, they do so through the local courts.( c) I am deputized by the State and County to issue marriage licensesto Indians and whites on this reservat ion, also through the authority of thestate laws, I am authorized to perform marriage ceremonies to such peopleliving on this reservation.State laws are in no way adequate to meet conditions on the reservation.I believe we have enough federal legislation and that what laws are necessary to make these people good citizens should be state laws extended overthe reservation. For obvious reasons it is much easier to amalgamate theseIndians into state citizens. Then the time comes to open their reservation,If they were now governed by the state laws the same as any other personor per ons living in the state, our federal laws would take care of themajor crimes. We have no laws nor au thority to prosecute for misdemeanors.There are very many reasons why the state laws should govern these Indiasin these things.On account of the fact that we are having two tribes to deal with andto handle on this reservation and owing to the fact that we do not have asufficient number of the head men in either court, it is impossible tohave a legal court of Indian offenses to handle any of the crimes for misdemeanors on this reservation. Crimes committed aga inst the Foderal Statutes are handled by arrest and appearance before the commissioner in Holbrook, then a trial and a sentence to the State Prision, if that is necessary.