The Morning Adventures of a Day Student
By Rose B. Simpson,' 01
My alarm clock rings at 5: 00. I roll over, turn it off, and crash out again. At 5: 30, I get out of bed, turn on my curling iron, and run my
hands along the walls of the stairwell to find my way downstairs. After I am ready, about 6: 25, I start my Jeep and roll it to a flat spot in the driveway
because the parking brake doesn' t work. If I have to, I scrape the windows, and then sit in the drivers' seat with my now freezing hands on the heater.
I get to the bus about 6: 40, as it is about to leave. I park and run to the bus to find a vacant seat where I can sit on the left side, the side with the
mountains in the morning. I have to be able to see the sun rise over the Sangre de Cristos. After the sun travels across the great expanse of mountains,
he greets the bus. His warmth is felt even through the dirty windows. When I feel the sun' s caress on my cheek, I close my eyes and say
“ Sengithamu, Thun Sedo ”- Good Morning, Grandfather Sun.
I have never enjoyed listening to classical music. I would rather listen to something that I can sing to, something that is relative to my
experience as a youth in today' s society. Something like 97. 3 KKSS( Kiss) FM, Wild 106, or 104. 7 The Edge. But Davs, David Trujillo, enjoys the
violins of Beethoven and the pianos of Mozart in the morning. At first all I heard was the slow deep voice of the radio jockey on 96. 3 Classical,
KHFM slowly explaining what kind of violins were used and in what fret. The monotonous voice of his would drive me absolutely bonkers, until I
began to get lost in my mind. Staring at the mountains, I would imagine stories and let my mind wander. Then the music became just perfect. No
other music would complement the situation like the pianos of Beethoven and the violins of Mozart. The music has become a vital part of my whole
morning experience.
Others do not share the same opinion. As soon as the bus pulls out of the Santa Clara Tribal Facilities parking lot, their headphones go on.
I can hear the treble ching- chinging away in every corner of the bus. Vernon Suazo shares a headphone with Phillip Silva or Justin Dasheno, and
Darlene Martinez has stopped talking to Tricia Dasheno to cover her head phoned ears with the hood of her jacket. Tony Romero leans his head
against the seat in front of him, puts his headphones, shades, and hood on, and tries to sleep. Tristan Tafoya and April Harvier sit together,
monitoring everyone else from their throne in the back seat. Margaret Naranjo has, good- naturedly, pronounced the second- to- the- last- seat hers, so I
cheerfully ask her permission to sit on her seat. Various Mid- School students turn back every now and then to get a glimpse of those who have rode
the bus for the past four to six years and have claimed the back seats. For those asleep and those awake, the classical music sets the calm and sleepy
tone in every corner of the bus.
When we get to school everyone disperses, wandering his or her separate way. I wait for my friends as soon as I step down, and we walk
the short, freezing trek to the cafeteria. Since we arrive at about 7: 15 every morning, there is plenty of time to settle down in a maroon or yellow
chair, throw a morning munch, make jokes or work on homework. Sometimes I wish that I had the chance to bring a tape- recorder to our morning
gathering: since we are all half asleep, some of the best jokes and ideas surface.
When the clock reads 7: 50, it is time to meander to the lockers, and then to class. Since the administration decided to put the Senior lockers
in the Mid- School building, we have to wade through the sea of Mid- Schoolers who ebb and flow through the halls until the warning bell rings, when
they crash and recede down the halls. Their eyes stare up at us in a kind of elitist, we- think- we- are- better- than- you- attitude. But nevertheless, respect
permeates the halls as the waters part for our path. We take our time to get our books and tease each other about being a part of the short people.
Once we have all settled into our class or begun the slow march to Paul' s office for detention passes, another academic day has started, for
better or for worse.
The Morning Adventures of a Dorm Student
By Martina Cheromiah,' 01
Ihearthe clockring at 5: 05 a. m., and I get up to take a shower before all the hot water is gone. I walk into a cold- floor bathroom and
hit the light switch, and then I walk over to the choicest shower, the bigger one with the better water pressure. I turn the water on, and feel the cold
water running over my hand, and then I gotomy room, and listen to the silence of my roommates sleeping in their dreams. Then the radio
crackles to life again( I have only hit the snoooooze mode, not the off mode), and I listen to Lenny Kravtiz' s" Again" before I
walk back to the shower, where the water is now hot. Afterwards, I walk back to my room, and the other girls are getting up to
take showers. I get back to my room, and go back to a sleep for a while. At six, Priscilla comes into the room and turns on the
light." Come on, girls. It' s time to get up." I turn over and doze off again, and a little while later, Priscilla comes back." Come
on, girls, it' s seven." I drag myself out of bed, and make it nice so that Priscilla will see that I have a clean room. Anita, my
roommate, tells me she doesn' t want to get up, and neither do I.
Now it' s time to decide what to wear forthe day. Anita and Valerie, my other roommate, are already talking about what they want to
wear. I grab a white SFIS tee- shirt, and I ask Anita whetherit' s good, and she says it' s okay. I then grab a pair of pants, and get Anita' s approval
again. By this time, the neatly- made bediscovered in clothes that my roommates are still going through to arrive at an outfit for the day. Then
Candida comes into get me before we go to breakfast.
As we head on over, we wonderaloud what they' ll have for breakfast for us. AllI can think about are pancakes; not the kind you add
water to, but the kind with eggs and oil. Instead, the cafeteria is offering bacon and eggs. By the time we sit down, we have
only fifteen minutes before the first bell. We wolf down our food, and then I have to trudge over to U- Shaped, where my first
class is. It has snowed during the night, and the campus is white, although soon the pristine cover will be marred by the
hundreds of feet that will hike across the campus throughout the day. Already, the mid- schoolers are racing around, leaving
trails of footprints that crisscross the campus like grooves on an ice- skating rink.
31
