- 2-
The drinking of strong liquore by the pupils has never been known
to occur here, and I believe it is for thé s reason that I can properly
state that we hardly ever have an incorrigible pupil. We have no jadi
and none is required,
As our course of study has been followed carefully I am glad to
say that we have boys and girls capable of taking up mo re advanced work
or to go out and make their living. Our local annual calendar is
followed and is of great assistance in general efficiency of the school.
We have few really incorrigibles. Punishment is usually confi nad to
extra work, etc.
The pupils going out to make their living from this school find that
their greatest trouble or handicap is that the people they work for,
or come in contact with, do not appreciate that they have attended a
federal school of good standi ng and have completed a standard course of
study, and they, therefore, place them on a lower plane, and either go
to one extreme or the other by either petting them, so to speak, or re
garding them entirely as servants, and not associates.
Most of our returned students have turned out well, are now
living in the cities earning go od wages, or are married and have settled
on farms. The majority however have gone to the city. There are sone,
I regret to state, have not proved successful in selecting Work and have
either married badly or are idlers and worthless to themselves and every
body else.
The academic department of our school is fairly well equipped,
including a library of 1200 books, or more, with periodicals,- and also
a moving picture machine. Educational films are shown twice a week during
the school year and this is much benefit to the children in addition to
furnishing amusement. The authorized list of books have met all
requirements so far at this school.
Generally speaking, the employees are capable, loyal and en
ergetic. We have had a great many vacancies and temporary employees the
past three years and this handicaps the work in hand considerably.
The expenditures for this school have been practically the same
for the past three or four years, there being the same number of pupils
heretofore appropriated for. I have during the past three years especially
emphasized economy in all departments of the school; hence, no real
increase has been involved; but our surplus stock is now exhausted and
the situation gets more serious each year making both ends meet and keeping
the school running efficiently.
Plus stock is konce, no respecially
The playgrounds for the boys and girls are used constantly when
the pupils are at liberty, and do a great deal of good to the pupi Ls.
The campuş is, wę 11 laid out with trees, shrubs and flowers, and I do not
hesitate/ Ehat auf grounds, or campus is one of the prettiest in this sebbt on
of the country. We have a greenhouse in which we place the flowers during
the cold weather,
