29-Hopibridges( saved on the bidding) this year we purchased a ThirtyCaterpillar and a Thirty Caterpillar Grader, which we are nowusing on building reservation roads. Our funds are so meagerwe can not do much on roads, for the storms cause heavy damagesrepeatedly on some roads, and it is quite expensive to keep openwhat few roads we have. This year, up to April first, we havepaid Indians approximately$ 6,021.26 for work on roads, of whichsum,$ 2,329.08 was from Proceeds of Labor, Oil Royalties. Whatis needed is some legislation by the Congress, at every session,that will take care of road work on Indian reservations similarto that for the Federal- aid roads, National Parks, Monuments, etc.Something similar to the Oddie bili, introduced and passed twoyears ago and vetoed by President Coolidge. This would allow adefinite and gradual improveraent in roads on Indian reservationssuch as is now occurring in our parks and on the seven- percentroads all over the country. As it is, roads on most of our Indianreservations are no roads, just trails, and citizens from theoutside criticize them severely. There is more and more travelon Indian reservation each year and we should begin to considerpublic opinion in this matter. Also consider the important factthat Indians are purchasing more cars and trucks continually fortheir own use and must have decent roads. We have found themwilling to do their full share in building these roads, even todonating considerable labor whenever necessary.Improvement of Personnel:-- What we need here forImprovement in personnel are as follows: Better and morecomfortable quarters and equipment for same; better and moremodem equipment for departments; a building suitable and largeenough for talking pictures, indoor games, parties, social affairs,etc., as well as better roads to the railroad so that employeesmay get in and out frequently, and with no loss of time or dangerto their lives or personal equipment. The Indian Service shouldfollow the exemples set by the big corporations, which consider asgood investment fine quarters, clubhouse and modern equipment forsocial divertisement at their isolated camps and units.Additional Water:-- We developed enough extra water atour Keams Canyon Boarding School this year to double our supply,with the help of the Irrigation Service people here. This hasbeen needed ever since the agency was built, I was through here26 years ago and there was not enough then for agency purposesalone. We now can have a few trees, larger orchards, more gardenspace, and can bathe our school children twice a week,Wool and Lambs:-- The Indians sold but few lambs last