466* Ilesvenhelps those who helps themselves, ia e maxim whichamas prominenttoday, in formingindividuelcharacter, 48 When Tirstutteredor writtenby its author, The spirit of self- help has been inall ages and is to this day the onlyrootby whichth. srownof theindividualmust sprout, and when absorbedinto the livesof many, 45 constitutesthe strengthand powerby whicha people, 18 JudgeNationalprogressis nothingraore than the sum of individualindustry,energyan uprighin888, as tocar is of individualidlenuss, 3.1'ishnosand vice. The people who are nobly ruled are those who are filledwiththe spirit of self- reliance. All experienceservesto prove that theworth and strengthof a state, dependsnot so auch upon the forms ofits institutionsas upon the characterof its mon, as civilizationitself is but a questionof personalimprovementof men and women,The spiritof self- help as seen in the Englishcharacter, is dueto the energeticaction of its individuals, end revealsthe true powerand strengthof them as a nation. Risingabove the head of the mass,thereare and were alwaysa class or group ot individualsdistinguishe1Doyon 1 others, who commandedthe respectof the publ., an 1 by closeooservationwe find that nearlynine- yonthsof the were men who belongedto no exclusiveclase or rank in life,And our progressas aaationhas been due to the vast numberof smallerand 1088 known men. It is not the men who have inheritedmost, exceptit he in nobiltyofsoul and purpose, who have risen highest;but rather men tostituteofineans and with no start, Hon est ambitionhas no heightthat geriusortalent may tread which has not felt the impress of its feet.Americahas been active in producingmen who might with justice be call 581mde men George Washington, the father of our country, was almost frominnancy" an orphone NO. academyhart welcomedhim to its shados, nocollege crown ethan with its honors; to read, to write, to cipher,these het been mis degrees in learning AbrahamDincoln, one of thegreatest characterssAmerica has ever produce or ever will produce,was born in obscruity, educated and XXXXXXXX a Ivanced by sheer pluckand perserverance until he was elevated to the highest positionthata country could confer upon him, is an exampie of a true selt- nade inan,Franklin wes but a poor boy, whose highest luxury at one time was onlya penny rol1, and yet he lived to be one of the greatest philosophersa self- mate com of his time. Gen, Grant might well be classed asmanter, as many of his victories were contrary to all military AffairsGarfield and scores or others might be named but I feel it sufficientto stop with these. It is apparen, then, that Days of lowly originhave nade many of our greatest discoveries. are presidents of our coun.Great As thor in try, of our corporations, of our colleges, etc,fluence is acknowledgedto be, it must be kept in mind that they werethuir oum helpers-- and as such-. were the best holpursy