Seniors
Joseph Grimley
Cochiti/ Diné
The past 4 yrs, challenging the tardy bell, waiting 4 the lunch line to
go down, bus rides on off campus day, and chilling at the bench. The
crew Glenn, Ray, V- dubz, Big L, thanks 4 the laughs, all the good
times, and having my back 4 the past few years. To Amber thanks 4
the awesome Mondays. Nick, who is MIA Stay up man. To my fam,
mum, dad, Val& Athena thanks 4 pushing me towards my best and
not to give up. To all the teachers who helped me along the way. To
Sean and his awesome crew, thanks 4 opening the studyhall circle.
To those I missed, you all kewl. It' s been great, I' m out peace out!
Class of 2009!
Amber Lynn Haas
Santa Clara& Laguna Pueblos
AN
WOW! I can' t believe that high school is over; it' s kind of hard to
believe that we made it through all four years. I wouldn' t have been
able to make it without the support and push of my friends and family
you know who you are. I will miss you guys so much and I wish all of
vou the very best of luck as we enter the next journey and chapter of
our lives. For all the rest of my fellow students, especially Ramon and
DeVaughn work hard and it will all pay off. To everyone else keep
your heads up and you' re almost finished. Good luck all seniors, I hope
you have fun in college!!
Amber Lynn Haas
Kimberly Hena Tesuque Pueblo
SENIORS!! WE DID IT!! Well being here for six years I have been waiting for this
moment.. First I would like to thank my mom for always being there for me and
motivating me to do my best I LOVE YOU!!! Also, I would like to thank my
brother, for inspiring me to finish school and stay positive in everything that I do, I
LOVE YOU!!! I would like to thank you, TAL for all the awesome, krazy and
funny memories. U. SOO FUNNY. I LOVE YOU!!" IZZIT" I would like to thank
my SWEET CHERRY PIE!! Thanks for all the good laughs and funny memories.
You are MY CORNMEAL TO MY POUCH!! LMAO. I would also like to thank
my krazy sista NIKKI thanks for being there and for all the fun times we had and I
will miss you. I LOVE YOU!!! Finally, I would to thank" D- WEB"( BFF)!! LOL!!
I just would like to thank you for all the help with homework and all the laughs&
funny memories here at SFIS. You are the BESTEST FRIEND EVER!! Thank
you!! And I can' t forget about CC for all your help and for your advice and thx for
letting Tal come into your flex. Oh yea, RESOURCE POWER!! Finally I would
like t congratulate the SENIOR CLASS WOO- HOOWE DID IT!!! I wish you all
the best of luck. 2009 BABY!
April Johnston Xavajo/ Ojibwe
First of all to my senior class thank god it' s over... haha jk jk as a class we shared
laughs, tears, hugs, and overall memories tha I will treasure forever. I would like
to thank my parents for pushing me no matter what I love you guys. To my sister
and brother, Christina and Joseph love u guys, we r the Johnston tripod oh
yea!!! To the staff that made this place livable, thank you so much for encouraging
me and helping me every step of the way. Especially Mrs. Gulibert, Ms. Williams,
SEAN, Ms. Saiz, Mr. Bentz, Mr. Kambeitz, and all the teachers I had a pleasure
of taking their class. To my basketball team love you guys a lot sorry I wish u the
best of luck wit ur seasons to come. To the track buddies... oh yea love you guys!!!
Lastly the friends that got me through this school can' t forget my old group KRIS
ELOTE, Tbaby, Mariah!!!!!, Alex, and of course my infamous lil twin sister
Maya. I love girlies... Maya going to miss you the most you' re the bestest friend a
girl can have LOVE YOU like all kinds... haha lets go rob a candy store now then
find some rainbows and bubbles... To the guys haha you
guys are awesome going to miss the laughs especially the train riders haha James, Dennis and the 5 footer Jordan nothing better than waking up to ur guys'
faces. To my chem. Group u guys r crazy stev, jody, and Kelly loved doing ur work haha... To all my other buddies I missed your always in my heart going to
miss everyone... I wish everyone the best in life!!! HUGS AND KISSES FOR EVERYONE!!! I' m out going to go skip my way through more dangerous
grounds...# 22 P. S. from the twin/ maya- candy is falling from the sky AHHHH n I got a lollipop... oh yea and I love APRIL!!!
20
