6.We have no allotments on this reservation, and noneshould be made for many years, if ever. I have given the matter considerable thought and I do not see how allotments coulabe made which would be fair to the Indians. There is far morereason for leaving things just as they are than the range stockmen had for urging that the public domain be not homesteaded in640 acres tracts. This is a range country and poorer than mostof the public domain subject to homestead. The Indians own itnow and the stockmen did not own the public domain.As mentioned above, there has been a heavy loss of stockduring the winter. It will take at least three years to recoverfrom those losses. The quality will be better because only thestrongest ones survived the winter. The Indian has not be retofore made any provision for feeding his stock, but last wintera good many of them bought hay at thirty to thirty five dollarsa ton and hauled it to their sheep and pulled them through. Ithink a good many of them will not be caught without some forageagain, 100- pound bale of alfalfa was the daily allowance fora hundred head of sheep and pulled them through with what rangethey could get. The future of the Navajo, as his past, is wholly dependent on his flooke. He understand the business. Allhe needs is to be encouraged and helped to infuse new blood into his flocks, and be left alone and free from white men. Ifhis reservation proves to be the great oil field many seem tothink it is, his future will be dark. Oil hes ruined every tribethat has had it. If I had may way, I would not allow a prospector on the place for a hundred years to come. The oil, ifthere is any, will be needed then as much as now, and the Navajoof that day may be able to stand prosperity. He cannot do itnow.There is no possibility of the dairy business ever becoming an industry on this reservation. The school has a good herdof Shorthorns. We have just made a purchase of ten head of Holeteins. I am going to dispose of all shorthorn grades and retain only the registered stuff.We will keep the Holstein herdpure bred and thus have only registered stuff on the place. OurIndians could have miloh cows if they wanted them, but they usegoat's milk in all cases where they use milk at all. Blanketweaving is an established industry on the reservation-- the onlyone aside from the stock industry which is a money maker. Dealers claim the finest blankets made some from this reservation.Some of the finest weavers died last fall of the influenze.24.