tory in so far as their connection with the schools is concerned.
Every Indian pupil between the age of six and eighteen within the
jurisdiction has been placed in school or accounted for.
There have
been no cases of incorrigible pupils in the day schools. On the whole
the Indian children are very well behaved and there is very little
difficulty in the matter of discipline. Libraries have been establish
ed in the pueblos for the returned students and organizations for their
entertainment and benefit have been under way during the past school
year. The returned students have been very helpful in programs given
at the day schools and are being a good influence among the older men
bers of the pueblos.
During the past school year the calendars were prepared at the
opening of school by the Day School Inspector and sent out to all the
schools where they were revised to suit existing conditions. The schools
have been visited regularly and programs have been carried out as planned
by the course of instruction for Indian Schools. School room equipment
has been purchased during the year until every school has had all that
it needed to carry on the work of the course of study.
The text books in use in the Day Schools have proven satisfactory.
The Elson series of readers, beginning with the chart, if properly used
by the teacher, gives the child an understanding of English that will
enable him to read and understand other material of similar difficulty.
We have tried the Bolenius readers and believe that they would be very
useful in teaching beginning children who do not have an English vocabu
lary, but in view of the fact that all of the schools are supplied with
materials for teaching the Elson series, we are satisfied to continue
those as the basic text. The cost of text books is excessive and any
change would mean an exceedingly large outlay of money, which the schools
cannot spare from current appropriations.
4H club work has been utilized among the day schools for giving in
dustrial instruction. The boys have formed rabbit clubs and garden clubs.
The girls have all done sewing and some few of them have done cooking.
When a girl completes the few years seving work of the 4H club, she has
a very definite idea of the fundamentals in sewing. The boys develope
ownership through their rabbit clubs and all club work ties the Indian
child up with the citizenship of the State, in that he competes with the
white club members in his immediate community in county and state fairs
as well as in the club congress.
All school plants are in good shape with the exception of Sia, which
was mentioned above. There are minor repairs needed at the plants, but
these can be taken care of for the most part by the Agency Mechanic and
the day school teachers with the help of the boys. During the course of
the next year, it may be necessary to have new roofs put on the schools
at McCartys and Laguna. These roofs have been patched until there is not
