1
I
1
1
( 7)
or what is nothing more than open and notorious adultery, and for
the prostitution of girls of school age. It is not that the
Hopi men swap wives, but that the Hopi women change husbands with
a facility that is bewildering.
Their management of their children,
if the superintendent is not looking, amounts to nothing less than
prostitution, although the soft- headed sentimentalist will term it
i tribal custom." The practices of the" Pueblo" type of people are
quite well known, and it is believed that Inspector Traylor's report
in this respect that on the pueblo peoples and their customs) may
be consulted to prove this statement.
The old Indian dances among both Navajo and Hopi proceed with
undiminished vigor. The Navajo dances have never been of great
interest to visiting whites, because of their being held in remote
places and usually at night. Therefore the recent welcome extended
to white visitors by these dancers, at a point 40 miles from the
Agency, in the shape of empty whiskey bottles hurled at them, may
be saiá to have discouraged any further visitors' interest in the
Navajo ceremonies. The Hopi dances are encouraged, however, by
whites as much as the Indians themselves. At least 300 whites
struggled over all the miles of desert between Gallup, New Mexico,
Holbrook, Winslow, Flagstaff, and Phoenix, Arizona, recently to
witness the last Hopi Snake Dance. The orders issued to the Moqui
Superintendent to discourage this dance usually result in embroiling
him with one or more of the visiting whites, whose entertainment is
to be considered above any plan for the benefit and advancement of the
Indian.
It is quite impossible for any one of education to conceive any
result other than a damaging one to the Indian in these dances.
It is believed that children and returned students from any school
should be prevented from attending and participating in such Hopi
dances. As for the action that should be taken with respect to
these dances generally, there are two courses open----
first: to arbitrarily stop them;
or
second: to spend some money and offer the Indian, young
and old, other forms of amusement, such as the
moving picture. Of course, this will call for
expenditure; but it is believed it would be
effective in time. The younger Indians who have
received some thing of education are not so interested
in the dances as many people believe; and they only
require forceful counsel and a little action to remove
them from the equation. Good policy would dictate
permitting the older ones to dance themselves into
their graves, since it is wellnigh impossible to
reconstruct those who have had no education.
