8.The Southern Navajo jurisdiction has a more adequa to watersupply for irrigation, stock purposes, etc., than the other Navajo Jurisdictions, but even so, a great deal additional development is ne dossaryin order to properly meet the needs. During the past year the IrrigationService attended the development of a great many springs, and also offeredsome assistance in improving and extending various irrigation projects.The greatest problem of this Jurisdiction is probably rangeconservation. This problem is manifestod because of the reservation beinggreatly ove rs tookod, and because the prosent distribution of stock wateris such that a range control program cannot be carried out, as many sectionsof the best range lands are not supplied with water. The result is greatconcontration at the watering holes and the consequent destruction of therange in tho se localities. This area is naturally spread ing more fromyear to year, and the time has now arrived when a defini to and extensiveprogram for water development which will enable the use of all sections ofthe range, and which will permit the execution of a range control program,be inaugurated and carried out.9.The Improvements generally found on allotments consist of twoor three hogans, occasionally a house, a small area of fencod garden orfarm lands, and a sheep corral.10.Indian allotments are not leased to outsi ders.11.The allottees require all lands they possess. In fact, theydo not have nearly enough to meet their needs. This is because the industryby which they make a livelihood is stock- raising. The country generally isnot adapted to dry farming.12.The stock- raising industry among Indians.( a) The quality of livestock raised by the Indians is showingvery satisfactory improvement from year to year. This is particularly truewith reference to their sheep. Since the jurisdiction is greatly overstocked,we are encouraging the policy of improving quality and decreasing number.The Indians are more and more realizing the necessity of such procedure, and itis believed that a quite reasonable degree of cooperation in this regard willbe obta ined from them.•( b) Some losses of sheep and goats were incurred by tho se Indianswhose flock management has not confomed to a regulated breeding practicewhich would allow them to care particularly for the lambs and kids. We areurging the Indians to form ram herds in order that the breeding season may beregulated. A great deal of cooperation in this matter has been obtainedfrom the Nava jos, and practically complete compliance with this plan is expected within the next year or two.13.