ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT, JICARILLA INDIAN AGENCY
Duleo, New Modco.
Sept. 1, 1931,
FISCAL YEAR 1931.
SEOTION I.
INDUSTRIES:
A. Disposal of Tribal Cattl. Hard.
Light hundred head of battlo were sold for a net return of approximatoly
$ 29,000.00. This hord has not been on a paying basis since it was started.
The average unaccountable logs figured about 33%.
The projoct was too far
away from the Agency to receive proper supervision, Only oight indian
familie, have cattle on the reservation, and thero soomed no roal Justifi.
cation for maintaining such an expensivo proposition at this Jurisdiction,
I consider the disposing of this hord one of the outstanding accomplish
ments during the year.
✓
B. Establishment of Old Peoples Hard.
Horetofore the old and indigent Indians have been supported by rations
and cheoks paid out of tribal funds, The tribal funds of this Jurisdio
tion are practically depleted and unless some thing was done to provide a
living for this class of people, in a few years they would be absolutely
dosti tute, with no means of support, Wo conceivod the idea of establish
ing a herd of sheep to be run as an Agency project for those old people.
In the per capita payment which was made by sheep issue, as of December
1st, 1930, shoep wore purchased for these old people with their per capita
shares, and they are now being taken care of for them, the proceeds from
sale of wool and lambs to be used in their support. This project will take
two or three years before it is working smoothly, but can be mado a roal
SU00688
,
C. Sheor Issuo to Indians,
On December 1st, 1930, we made a regular per capita sheep issue of oight
thousand head. Those sboep were purchased on the low market and were of
excellent
quality. They went through the Winter in excellent shape and
have helped a groat deal in putting numerous Indians on a botter economic
basis. In addition to the regular per capita issue, we issued one thousand
✓
head from our equalization herd in an equalization shoep issue. In previous
issues some Indians have received more sheep than others, and an equalization
hord was established on the reservation to equalize from yoer to yoаr this
difference This project has been carried on for several years, but this
is the first equalization issue that had ever been made from the herd,
D.
All Sheer Moved From Summer to Winter Range.
This reservation is divided very distinctly into Summer and Winter range,
the Northern part being mountainous and ideal Summer range, while the South
half is semi- desert table land which makes wonderful Winter range, All
sheep, both individual and tribal- owned were moved from the Summer range to
the Winter range last Fall. This was the first time that all sheep had ever
been moved to the Winter range, This system is absolutely necessary in order
to give the Summer range a rest, and by proper shifting of sheep the tendency
to over- graze will be eliminated.
E. Elimination of Trespass Cattle and Sheep From the Reservation,
Practically all trespass cattle and sheep have been eliminated from the res
