Northern Pueblos Agency,Santa Fe, N. M.SECTION III-- SCHOOLS1. There are no public schools as a rule near the Indianday schools, except perhaps at San Ildefonso. The publicschool at San Ildefonso is what is known as a Mexicanschool and there is no close relationship existing betweenthat and the day school.2. All of the pueblos, excepting Nambe, at this agencyare provided with very good school facilities. Thechildren from Nambe are sent to St. Catherinels and theGovernment Indian School in this city.3.( a) Each day school in this district is fairly wellplanned and equipped. The Taos Day School needs a bathhouse and additional employees' quarters. San Juan, SantaClara, San Ildefonso, and Tesuque need some repairs. SantoDomingo needs a lunch room.aa( b) Taos of the day schools alone has a schoolfarm or garden which includes some six acres, allof which is being utilized by over one hundredpupils.( c) San Juan, Tesuque, Cochiti, and Santo Domingohave only had temporary employees during the pastyear.4.( a) The day schools have no graduates.( b) The day school pupils pass to the boardingschool.5.St. Catherine's Indian School in this city, while notdirectly under the superintendent, conducts a most worthyinstitution.6. The morals of the Pueblo Indians would compare favorably with those of other Indian tribes if not white communities. It would be a stretch of the imagination tospeak very much of progressiveness, at the same time thereis progress going on in all the villages, some more thanothers. Looking back more than a quarter of a century thewriter well remembers when these Indians all harvestedtheir wheat with the sickle, threshed it with ponies orgoats, and ground their flour between two stones, whereasnow practically every pueblo has a self- binder, threshingmachine, and the wheat is taken to a near- by flour millfrom.most of the villages. The writer also remembers whenthere were practically no bedsteads, sewing machines, cookstoves, or ranges, few chairs and tables and other furniture