FILE NO.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE
VOCATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL
MOUNT PLEASANT, MICHIGAN
NARRATIVE
Section III- Schools
The city of Mt. Pleasant, Michigan, has an estimated population
of 4500 and is a great school town. There are four separate systems
of schools; the Public Schools, Central State Normal and State Train
ing School, a Catholic School or Academy, and the Federal Indian Sch
ool, and I am happy to state that the best of harmony exists between
these various institutions, and all intercourse is of the most friendly
nature.
Regarding the attendance of Indians in the public schools of
ichigan, I am of the opinion that this is almost a failure, not be
cause the schools are too far away from their homes but on account
of the transient life of the Indians. They live wherever there is work
for them to do, tn logging camps in the winter and in the berry and
beet fields and fishing sections in the simer; in fact, any place
where they can secure employment. Of course, this is speaking of the
majority of them. There are special cases where some Own go od- sized
farms are doing well, and are on equal standing in their communities
with the white people. But the ro vi ng life of the majority naturally
put the chi ldren far behind their white brothers, especially in their
school work, and many would rather rem in away altogether than to at
tend the public schools only intermittantly.
The pupils of this school a ve the advantage of a two years'
course of vocational training; this covers engineering, carpentry
farming and dairying for boys, while the girls hsve sewing, domestic
science and nursing, all as prescribed by the course of study outlined by
your office.
We need an additional building for the small girls, separate
entirely from the large girls' building. Our girls' dormitory unđer pre
sent conditions makes it difficult for the ma tron to handle the different
si zed or- aged girls. We have two boys' dormitories, and sepazating the
small boys from the larger boys makes it much easier and better for the
boys.
There is now before the Department the matter of payment for
80 acres of additional Land for this school to be used for pasturing pur
poses. The deeds are a matter of record at the local Court house and
are now being held by your Office,
