- p
Industries, continued
ly excavated but this work was abandoned several years ago, chief
ly for the reason that the leader of the expedition had not used
proper discretion in dealing with the Indians.
There is no fair held at Zuni but all participate in the an
nual Inter- Tribal Ceremonial meet held at Gallup each year during
the month of August. This fair, or celebration, while giving
emphasis to the old dances and customs, is of value in the en
couragement of the Indians in the exhibit of their products, both
of their native nanaicrafts and their agricultural efforts as
well.
The only celebration of note held by these Indians, except
the many dances of the winter season( these beginning in early
fall and extending to late spring) is their annual riesta or
" Shaliko" which lasts for a week during the month or December.
This fiesta is so sacred and of such importance to these Zunis
tnat no change in the manner of holding it, or its conversion for
something of benefit, would ever be considered by them.
No tribal land is leased for grazing purposes by whites or
outsiders. All grazing lands of the Reservation are needed for
the Indians' flocks and these are not sufficient for their needs.
There are periods when all Indians are employed in their
industries on the Reservation and this is during the spring time
when shearing and planting is being done and while they are har
vesting and baling their hay. At other times there are more la--
borers than jobs. The great difficulty in assisting these Indi
ans in getting work is their reluctance to leave their homes for
places where work could be obtained. Especially is this true
with the older girls and women. Opportunities arise waere em
ployment would be given them but it is seldom that they will con
sent to leave their homes to accept such employment. The Indians'
names are taken when they ask that this be done, and they are
given an opportunity when the qui te frequent inquiries come to
this office for laborers. Very little is done by this office in
assisting in securing work as the ones who will leave the Reser
vation in order to secure employment na ve no trouble in getting
Work as the Zunis are in demand in the surrounding country I' or all
lines or labor to which they are adapted. During the winter there
is very little Work locally, and very little desire on the part
or the Indians to find any as this is the dance season when the
great majority would prefer dancing to working and, perhaps, to
