tu
UNITUD POTALOS AGENCY
Meeting- kay 18, 1937
Statistics: The birth, death and marriage records have been checked
and signed by the Indians of the Northern Pueblos, Zuni, Janez, Cochiti,
Sia, Sandia and Santa Ana. Not all of the checking for Acoma and Laguna
has been completed but will be in a short time. These will be considered
the official census for each tribe,
Range Manacomont: Range lianagement plans are practically completed for
the Tueblo area. Data is being collected for use this fall in adjust
ment of the proper number of livestock to the range for each Pueblo area.
Range rules are being formulated which will take the place of coopera
tive agreements. The larger and most abused areas are those where we
have cooperative agreements with Soil Conservation and a definite start
has been made toward a proper adjustment of numbers for range control.
Livestock in the United Pueblos ares generally wintered very well. Those
grazing on the Resettlement area have done exceptionally well.
Reports from the sheep men using these areas for grazing are to the
effect that they expect to obtain at least one pound more wool from this
year's olip. The lamb crop will amount to more than 90 per cent. Some of
the wool has been contracted at prices from five to nine cents above last
year's prices and the indications for the lambing crop are that prices
will be from two to four cents per pound better than last year. Because
of the calling program of removing the aged and weak livestock, which weg
carried out last fall, the remaining animals have withstood the hardships
of the winter and the spring lambing well.
Property: The consolidation of stores and surplus equipment at the
warehouse has been completed. A close inventory of everything has been
taken and we know exactly what we have on hand available for distribution.
The monthly property reports, which to to Washington, are up to date.
Irrigation: The work is tapering off as there are only about six weeks
left in this fiscal year. One major project which has not been completed
Is the Zuni Tokapo reservoir and diversion dam but this project will
probably be finished before the end of the fiscal year. The dam et jo
Caliente is completed.
Work is being carried on in the Northern Pueblos. At Santa Clara,
water from the anyon is being piped down to the village. No pumping
system is necessary since the drop is great enough for the water to flow.
It will furnish water for the houses in the village. At San Juan the
water development has been completed. An unfugee8gful attempt was
made to drill a shallow well. It will be necessary for EON to go in with
a large me and make a ddop test. The shallow well at Nambe failed
to produce sufficient water to warrant development. It will be
