даa copies theFiledestroyed6-1142StatistiosCircular# 8818UNITED STATESDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORINDIAN FIELD SERVICEnot due untilintilofterNorthern Marujo Agency,Shiprook, New MexicoDocombor 23, 1992.wsJune 30, 1932Commissioner of Indian Affair,Washington, D. C.DEC311931RÉCEILDSir:3ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT FOR 1932I. Narrativo Sootion.The Northern Navajo Indian Rosorvation comprises an aroaof nearly thro. million acres of mostly semi- arid land in northwesternNow Mexico, northeastern Arizona and southeastern Utah. The populationconsists of approximately nino thousand Navajo Indians who arescattered over the entiro rosorvation. The affairs of the reservationare administered from the agency, which is located at Shiprook, NowMexico. Shiprock is ninety- six miles north of Gallup, New Mexico,the receiving or shipping point for practically all goods coming toand going from the agency; thirty- five miles west of Farmington, NewMexico; and forty- six milos south of Cortez, Colorado. Shiprock isconnected with these points by an excellent gravelled highway. Thesethree highways junction at the agency office, which is located inthe center of the boarding school grounds.Arrangements have been made with the state highway departmentto remove this junction to a point without the school grounds as aprotective measure.The agency was established about thirty years ago. Owingto the increased business at the agency and activities which havebeen added and others which it will be necessary to add in the future,the present clerical force is insufficient to handle the work. Theposition of field clerk has been recently allowed. It is hoped thathe will be able to take over the reimbursable accounts and the censuswork as a part of his field duties. There should be created one moreposition of clerk or assistant clerk to properly handle the accounts.The school facilities on this reservation are wholly inadequate for the number of children of school age. There are slightlyover twenty- five hundred children between the ages of six and eighteen.of this number ten hundred twenty- five are in school, as follows:San Juan Boarding School No. 1,San Juan Boarding School No. 2,Toadlena Boarding School,Nava Day School,Methodist Mission School atFarmington,20020022344100