2
( 169)
The Hopi Day Schools are not working at efficiency, and
this is no fault of the employees at hand. The schools are
located close to the mesa villages, and are at all times wint in
that zone of native influence. Notwithstand ing all attempts
to coordinate methods of study, the day school child suffers
in his education because of the home influence.
A strong
effort is being made here to enforce the use of English, and
to so regulate the course of study in line with local conditions
as to give the children English first coupled with familiar
local training. But this is not the gravest disadvantage.
Not all the employees at hand are interested, because of poor
accommodations, isolation, small salaries, etc., and seldom it
is that ALL the NECESSARY employees are at hand. For the last
several years the terms of these schools have been curtailed
because of one thing or another--- and principally because
teachers were not at hand to conduct them. The chimopovy
School lost six months of the term 1916-17 and another six
months of the term 1917-18. The Second Mesa Day School has
not been opened this term( 1918-19) at all. The Polacca and
Oraibi Schools have been very much retarded for the same reason.
Each new term the superintendent at Moqui faces this same
condition. Several employees having been transferred, their
places are not filled during the summer, and there is no white
population on the reservation from which to recruit temporary
teachers. The salaries paid are not large enough-- coupled with
the expense of getting here and living on the reservation--- to
entice persons from distant points such as Albuquerque and Phoenix.
A careful compilation of statistics covering the period of the
past eight years shows that whoever is super intendent at Moqui
may expect to have, each new year, 20 green employees or vacancies
out of approximately 40 positions for white persons.
Aga in referring to the visit and recommendations of Supervisor
0. H. Lipps, with reference to school facilities, it should be
recorded that one of several available school sites for Navajoes
were examined. Inspector H. S. Traylor in 1916 also considered
this matter. There are on the Moqui Reservation at least 450
Nava jo children for whom the Government has done NOTHING, and
it is my experience, based on considerable dealings with Nava joes
and encounters that have not always been pleasant or safe, that
these children are growing up barbarians and a good ly number of
them potential criminals. They are producing longhaired, gun
carrying, thieving and insolent( and of course ignorant) broods,
not at all representative of the old dignified and courteous
Nava jo of the desert narratives. The old Nava joes know this
and deplore it equally with the superintendents. I do not know
that these young Navajoes are to be blamed much, since the Govern
ment teaches them neither trades per respect.
