Schoolswill be held out of school from now on and taken home tobe married off or do housework for the family. It isa matter worthy of special mention that this year, forthe first time, the Governor of the Santo Domingo pueblohas given his consent for a Santo Domingo pupil, up oncompletion of the course at the Santa Fe school, to coninue in school elsewhere.The books on the authorized list seem well selected.I have heard no complaint from the teachers and I have noparticular criticisms to offerFor the girls, the full course of instruction prescribed in the course of study in the provocational andjunior vocational grades is being carried on and the character of the instruction given is to my mind, very satisfactory. For the boys in the prevocational grades, alI.the courses laid down in the course of study are given,excepting that I might say that masonry is not given agreat deal of attention here beyond the mixing and pouringof concrete. In the junior vocational grades, we give thecourses in agriculture carpentry, engineering, paintingand blacksmithing The courses in masonry, printing, andauto mechanics are not given although some instruction inthe last named course is given in a rather informal way, sothat certain boys are taught to operate and take care ofFord motor vehicles.The school plant ds a whole is reasonably wellequipped. We have just recently installed a new dishwashing machine. We need a tumbler dryer in the laundry,but when it comes to buying machines costing as much as2500, we have to count our cash pretty carefully. Assoon as the dining room expansion has been completed,we should by all means install a refrigeration plant inthe basement. This will cost perhaps 2500.The accommodations for our employees, while notample, are sufficient for our present needs. As regardstheir efficiency, loyalty, and cooperation with one another.I dare say they measure up at least to the average obtainingin the service. Some of course are more efficient thanothers. But is safe to assume that where one school isstrong another school may be weak, and vice versa; so thatthe average is about the same all through the serviceThe relations existing between our school and thepublic and other schools in and around Santa Fe are verycordial and satisfactory There is perfect cooperatibnia inmany lines of endeavorThe aim of our school work is to give the boyssuch a 1ine of training as eventually result in increasedannual income( and therefofo increased and more variedfood supply and the other things that goto make up awell- ordered home) and the girls such a 1ine of trainingas may make of them better housewives and homemakersin every way,