Recognizing the influence of doval v. UnitedStates so faras it goes, but to further, the defendant says tist the Supreme Courtof the United States was not adequately inforsad at the time of itsdecision, in that case, which was ruled on decerrer, without opportunityto learn to spnieh lay on the subject or the' exican lay cither. Soconfident was this counsel for tie appellce, Serdoval, that the case ofUnited States v.. Joseph. ould not te disturbed, and tierer orc Judge Pope' sjudict stand, to Iott ough the tine for uing out a writ of error hade in pressed, he cented text he record right choy agg Crable.. Eas in tat rospect and Aid no assess the dignth I the appellce at the tire the causewas in the hiieet rational cruit. He ever, these arera ECne overthe wheel.PCI D TISPAMISH, TXIGN MID AP ICAN LAS AFTECTIGTnT TSPATC.The Spnish Tnt to the Inding did not of oxstain 17sco acres andsee not one leaguesuzaare. Winen Congress confired the grants to thePueblo Ir. J ians it of error increased the dimensione to the leage. This phaseis interesting so far as this cause is concerned historilly ond will beco:more interest ing in considering Spanish a rs xican grantes older in date trenthe tongressional Act, which operates as a grant de rovo, but cannot displace,as to conflicts, older private rants. It is an 1luat ration of legislativeignorence, equallied scatines by the Judicial on a complex problem. Thewaitive were originally given 500 voras measured to the" tour wis.. hichwould mean& real n! land 100 yards Jorg" on north to south, and 10 onyards wide from east to rest, Speakings genernly in repeat to the iny of thegroundOrdainense w: Hi, 26, 1557.( ranohan' sveblo indicrunand hairLand Grants, P. 36- 37.) By the Spanish deoree of June 4, 1687,( Id. 37),there is given that additionl Vaas they pay need to 1ive upon a nd toplant," illustrated as 500 vo raa, to the four winds", measured from thehouses cost data at Irop ti: a as stral church or heritage. The decree ofJune 12, 1695, coe trued the last sent toned deoros as giving the Ind sons