T
UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS
FIELD SERVICE
Dolc, Now Mexico,
Jicarilla Indian Aconoy,
April 2, 1985.
hose
1938 FISCAL YEAR NARRATIVE REPORT.
" INTRODUCTION.
Jicarilla Indian Agonoy was established in 1886, under Army administra
tion, to mupervis. Apach. Indians brought here from Mosoal oro Rosortation
and from scattered band, picked up in the mountains to the out of hero.
The prosent population is 664( 1932 Census). Activities representod on this
rosorvation aro industry, forestry, hoalth, and education. The main industry
is sheep raising. There is no strictly goverment boarding school or day school.
Boarding school activities aro carried on by the Reformed Church in Amorioa,
in cooporation with the Government. The current year onrollment is about 75.
The Public School roceived no tuition payments for 1932, d though soron Indian
children attondod same. There are no sub- agoncies. Atuonty four bod Hospital
is opentod the yoar around, and an 80 bod ohildrens sanatorium i. maintained.
The primary grades are presented to the children confined in this institution
in preparation for their transtor to the Mission School then their health will
porit.
The Jicarilla Roservation adjoins the Colorado Stato line on the north,
and extands approximately 60 miles southward, in an irregular shape. It lies
about one- third of the way across the stato oast of the Arizona line, and it is
about 18 miles in wath, on the average. The northern half of the nuorntion
is mountainous, partly timbered, and oxcellent summer range for sheep, whil.
the south half, which is lovor, provides a more open mosa type of country for
.zo.llont vinter range. A problem on both the north and south halvos of the
roservation is water for stock. There is but ono permanent stroam on the ro
sorvation, the Nava jo River, on the extrome north end, but this is not suscepti
ble to diversion for us. On much of the land. A for agricultural allotmonts
vore made when the north half was allotted in 1908, but they ar mall in OI
tont, and do not have sufficient nter. ul allotments are held in trust,
dh ich trust periods will expirosin 1935, then it should be renorod, unless the
allotments could be cancelled and the entire reservation made community propor.
ty again. The reservation is not adapted to agricultural endeavor to any ez.
tent, and as long as these people are engaged in the sheep industry it seems
best that no offort be made to distract them from af business which can be de
veloped to make them self supporting to a great extent, in favor of efforts
toward a goal which will never prove satisfactory to them, for by inclinations,
training, and temperament that are more suited to the nomadic life of a herds
man than that of a farmer, and morevor it does not seem that the economic re
turn from agriculture woudl be as great or as consistent as from their flocks.
1.
