LEUCLCLCLCCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCULUPUCLCLCLCLCLCLEבוחבוחבוחבוחבוחרחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכהבתכתבותבחכתב תבחכחכחכחכחכתכתבתכתבותבתEUCUCUPULLEUÇUCUCUCUCUValedictoryELIZABETH H. SARACINO, LagunaUÇUSUSUHonorable Superintendent, all employees, and friends: I bring you themessage of farewell from the class of 1932.CLCLCLCLCLCULUÇUÇUEOsparticuWe stand today at our last meeting between a happy past and the unknownfuture; we have not reached the end, but the commencement of our lives. Wehave finished the course that has been given to us; we are about to step forthinto the arena of the world' s progress to consider something of our parts in thegreat battle of life.A. I. S. has long been our happy home, for it gives the best education thatany high school can offer, and not only that, but it produces superior students.It provides a well- balanced program of both academic and industrial coursesNot only our minds, but our hands have been trained for skill and accuracy.Whatever task has been given us to do, we have taken pride in performing itwell. The daily routine so carefully outlined will be ours no more; othergroups will fill our places; but we know that scientific, literary, and vocationalguidance will help us throughout our whole lives.To our superintendent, I extend the thanks of the class for the privilegeswe have enjoyed here; you have made it possible for us to come to this plar school, and we feel that we have been better trained and more carefullylooked after, than we would have been elsewhere.Principal and teachers, the Class of 1932 which is about to pass from thedear old school, express our thanks to you for being so patient. You have beenour inspiration and have smoothed the rough places.To our parents and friends we extend our sincere thanks, for you made itpossible for us to enjoy school life here.Classmates, this is our last hour together as a class. Now we must continueour paths alone. We have shared our pleasures, our triumphs, and our fewdisappointments for so long, now we shall miss the old companionship morethan we realize. We have worked together the best we could for the expresspurpose of gaining the pride of our teachers, and we thank them for at leastteachingw to begin to live. Let us be true to our class, to our school, andto ourselves.May our colors, turquoise blue and white, be kept from every stain, andour motto," Maintain the Right," be our watchword true, and may the happyhours that blessed our dear old school linger in our memories forever and forever. The class of 1932 bids you farewell.nananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananan LEUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUELCLCLCLCLCUCUCUCLCLCLCLCUCUCUCUCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLETeLÇUCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCUCLÇUÇLÇLÇUÇUCUÇUCUÇUCUÇUCLCLCLCLCLCLCLEInnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnin