( 14)
SCHOOL SECTION:
So long as the Moqui Boarding School( capacity 120) was
ma inta ined at Keams Canon, Arizona, the HOPI population of
the Moqui Indian Reservation had been well supplied in point
of school facilities. In 1911 there were this boarding school
and four day schools-- the Polacoa, Second Mesa, Chimopovy and
Oraibi schools, while a fifth day School( the Bacabi) had just
been completed by former superintendent Lawshe. At this time
however, no provision had been made for the hostile( so- called)
Hopis of the Hotevilla village-- other than the method of
penning their children at the boarding school.
It was soon seen that the life of the Boarding School had
decided limitations, for the walls were cracking and settling.
This condition had been noted in 1908. It was not until 1911
that the full seriousness of the damage became apparent, and
after that it required four years of report- making( accompanied
by photographs) and five separate and distinct investigations
by travelling engineers, supervisors of construction, etc. to
convince the Indian Office that the damage to these buildings
could not be cured by paint- brushes and plaster of paris.
In 1915 the super intendent brought the matter directly to the
attention of Commissioner Sells and the school was closed.
At this writing, 1919, it would appear that no plan has engaged
attention to restore the school. It may be believed that the
Moqui Superintendent has been successful in the transfer of Hopi
children to non- reservation Schools( and he has, to a considerable
extent), but this has not provided for ALL the Hopi children who
have outgrown the day schools.
Foreseeing that the close of the boarding school would demand
more of the day schools, one--- the Polacca Day School was enlarged---
the small and inefficient Bacabi Day School was closed--- end a
larger day school constructed between the Hotevilla and Bacabi
villages, to serve the children of each.
This is said to be
the largest day school in the service. The combined five day
schools of the Moqui Reserve have an enrollment of more than
400 children; but unless these children are transferred to
non- reservation schools, and often parents oppose this, they
have no provision made for them above the fourth grade.
The close of the Moqui Boarding School brought other things
to attention. There was no longer a place in which to protect
female pupils who were not receiving protection in their homes.
There was no longer a place in which to discipline refractory
male pupils who decided to give trouble at day schools. There
was no longer a place in which to imprison Hopi wonen given to
the prostitution of their daughters. There was no longer an
