OUR VETERANS
Santa Fe Indian School was happy to welcome eight veterans te our
campus during the year.
Cipriano Loretta from Jemez was enrolled in vocations taking
Cabinet Making.
Cipriano' s training in the service was taken at Fort Bliss Texas,
Fort Ord, California, Camp Picket Fitginia, Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.
He saw action in France, Germany, and Austria.
He was discharged on September 12, 1947 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.
Juan Saba que from Jemez enrolled in Vocational Training as Cabinet
Maker.
Juan took his training at Camp Ork, California and Seattle
W shington. He was in the service two years and was overseas one year
and twenty one days with the 20th Infantry, 6th Division in Korea. He
was in the Army of Occupation HA Teturned to the States in Maach and
was discharged at Camp Beale, California..
D. Hickey Vigil was enrolled in vocations taking a bakery course.
He attended Sherman Institute, Riverside, California last year. He went
into service April 9, 1942 and took his training at Tamp Collan, San
Diego, California. He was in service three years, five months, and eight
days. He was overseas in the European theatre for two years and eloven
months.
Wesley Nash, San Carlos, Arizona, was enrolled in Art and Academic
work.. He is one of our graduates and attended Haskell Institute last
year.
Wesley was in the Navy for two years, took his training at San
Diego, San Pedro, and Oakland, California and at Beattle, WWashington,
He was over seas eighteen months and fought on Iwo Jima and Okinawa.
Bill Frague, Albuquerque, New Mexico, from Jemez, was enrolled
in academic work and at present is taking a photography course in
Albuquerqaos
Bill is a veteran of the U. S. Navy. He took his training in San
Diego, Clifornia and was in the service three years and one month. He
was overseas twenty nine mo ths with the submarine division. He was at
Pearl Harbor and from there he went on a destroyer to the Philippines,
Okinawa, Borneo, Australia, New Guinea. Later his outfit captured a
Japanese transport with 1800 troops. Then he went to Moratai, Iwo
Jima, and the Marshall Islands. After returning to the states for re
pairs his contingent went to China and hanchuria. He was discharged
November 30, 1945 at San Pedro, California.
Geronimo Giron, Taos, was enrolled in the Academic department.
Jose Herrera, Teseque, was enrolled in Vocations taking' a' bakery
course.
Jerome King, Navajo Agency, Shiprock took a silver making cours.
A NATIONS BUILDERS
Not gold, but only men can make
A people great and strong
Men, who, for truth and hones' s sake,
Stand fast and suffer long,
Brave men, who work while others sleep,
Who dare while others fly
They build a nation' s pillars deep
And lift them to the sky.
Ralph Waldo Emerson.
