( 2)
Section 2. Health,
The health conditions of the Jicarilla Apaches on the reser
vation are about as bad as can be conceived. Fully 50% of the
younger generation are tubercular to a greater or less ex
tent. The older people, and there are many very old men and
women, appear to be more rugged, which can only be accounted
for by their previous method of living in well ventilated
tents when they were young. For this reason it would seem
that every endeavour should be made, and any funds availa
ble used, to induce them to build better ventilated houses.
The health conditions at the School have been much better
than on the reservation. An epidemic of measles, however,
raged in the School in the early part of 1912, attacking
80% of the children. Many deaths have resulted from the
after effects of this epidemic, due principally, to the
tubercular condition of the patients, but no deaths occur
red at the Boarding School, where 82 cases were in evidence,
demonstrating the fact that the attention given the chil
dren in the School and Hospital was most beneficial and
necessary.
On the other hand, many deaths resulted among the Day
School pupils who were nursed in their poorly ventilated
homes, especially in the neighborhood of the La Jara Day
School where proper medical attention could not be furnish
ed.
It is of the utmost importance that the medical and
health work be more vigorously prosecuted yearly. The pres
ent policy is to furnish lumber to all at a nominal cost,
and recommendations have been made to the Indian office
to allow the Superintendent to issue the lumber manufactured
at the Government saw mill at the actual cost of producing
game, less the stumpage charges, the stumpage being a tri
bal resource and and all Indians being allowed the privi
lege of availing themselves of the opportunity to secure
lumber on these terms, Doors and windows should be purchased
in large quantities also. It is believed that following
this policy material improvement in living conditions will
soon be evident.
In most cases of sickness the Indians do not seem to
have the necessary vitality to resist disease, and a fund
should at all times be available to purchase milk, eggs and
other necessities from the nearby farmers, that the phy
sician and Field Matron could use whenever necessary. These
supplies would be purchased and paid for on the spot, and
the fund disbursed under the affidavit of the Superinten
dent in the same manner as traveling expenses. The diet in
most cases is the principal part of the treatment. Drugs
left by the Physician are invariably laid aside on his de
parture, but nutritious food would be used and some good
results obtained.
