Section IV-INDUSTRIES( Cont'a)in the past have come from the Pojoaque River. The waters ofthis river also are entirely appropriated by users higher up thestream, and the San Ildefonso people have for years fufferedfrom a lack of sufficient irrigation water. The stroen- bed ofthis creek also carries a large under- ground flow of water, andthis has been developed to some extent by the construction of anunderground infiltration system. This system, however, does notdevelop sufficient water for the needs of these people, and furtherdevelopment should be taken at the earliest practicable date.The lands of the Santa Clara Pueblo ar. irrigated partlyfrom the Rio Grande, and partly from Santa Clara Creek. Sufficientwater is available at all times from the rio Grande, and irrigationfrom this source is satisfactory. However, Santa Clara Crook doosnot carry a very large amount of water, and during low water periods,most of it sinks before reaching the intake of the canals. Torksimilar to that don, at Tosuque is under ray at this time, with theprospect that a very considerable amount of additional mater vilbe developed,The Nambe Pueblo is favorably situated as to irrigationwater, and sufficient water is available at all times for all landsbeing cultivated by these people. However, a high- line ditch isnow under construction, which when completed, will cover an additional acreage of approximately 400 acres of fertile lands whichhave never heretoforo been farmed. We hope that this ditch maybe completed during the present summer, and that the lands may beprepared this fall for cultivation.The farm lands of the San Juan Pueblo are traversed bythe Rio Grande, and by the Chama Rivor Tater for irrigationpurposes is taken from those two rivers, both of which carry anabundance of water at all times, and these people are the mostfavorably situated of any of the Northern Pueblos as to irrigation water. Some difficulty is experienced in maintaining theirditchos and canals howevor.The people of the Taos Pueblo have sufficient waterunder ordinary conditions for all lands how being cultivated bythem. Plans are under ray at this time for the construction ofa high- line canal to be taken from the Rio Lucoro, which whencompleted should make available water for a considerable additional acroago of land which has nover heretofore been cultivatod,and which will materially add to the resourcos of this Pueblo,Sufficient water is available at the Picuris Pueblofor all lands now undor cultivation. By the construction of adan in a canyon a short distanco north of the Pueblo, wator couldbo made available for the irrigation of large body of landbelonging to those Indians which has never been farmed. Thefeasibility of this proposition should be studied by engineers,