Little Water School,
-2
Kitchen and diningroom.
A good one story stone building, it has never been finished, the
agent should receive instructions to finish it during vacation,
Storeroom.
A small cheap one story frame building of not much value, it will
not be large enough to store the supplies when the new building is
finished, and more pupils added to the school.
There is not enough furniture in the school building except in
the dromitories, they have an ample supply of good beds; when the
new building is finished, more furniture must be provided.
There were enrolled during the quarter ending March 31st, 1900,
as shown by the quarterly school report for that quarter on file in
the agents office, 32 boys', 16 girls', total 48, with an average atten
dance of 47.
There are now enrolled 31 boys', 16 girls', total
47. They are clean, well fed, well dressed, and are in a healthy con
dition; they are all small, all are in the primary grade, and are of
the right age to make good progress.
The character and efficiency of the school employees is all that
is required with one exception, of that one I will mention later. I do
not think their number and cost greater than the work of the school
justifies, and their conduct is such as to encourage parents to send
their children, and the children to attend this school.
Principal teacher.
Mrs. Emma Devore; Iowa; age 35; female; salary$ 720.00 per year;
she has charge of the school taking all her time; character; educa
tion; personal habits; qualifications all good. To Mrs. Devore belon
gs the sole credit of bringing this school to its present flourish
ing condition and getting the pupils; she has been an untirding, zeal
ous worker; there are very few women who would have gone to Little
Water at the time she did and face the difficulties she was obliged
to, and start a school in an Indian country 35 miles from a white
neighbor, knowing there was not a person for miles around that could
speak a word of English, and there would be none except an occasion
al visitor until she had taught her pupils to talk English, and the
