2.The past winter was the most severe experienced in thiscountry in more than thirty years. This came on top of threedry years and winter found the range almost bare. Snow fellin December and remained until late in laroh, with a good manynew falls during that time. At times, what little feed therewas on the range was under two feet of snow. The loss of stockwas heavy all over the country and the reservation fared nobetter than others. The dipping records so far, indicate thatthe loss of sheep will be at least 40% and may reach as much as50% or even 60%. Some owhers were cleaned out entirely. Thework of the veterinary surgeons now here in dour ine work, indicates that the Indians have about 10,000 head of horses left.At least that many perished during the winter, and possiblymany more. We do not regard this as a serious loss from a moneypoint of view as most of these ponies have no money value andeat as much range as a cow or five or six sheep. We have no wayof telling how many cattle died. The Indians do not look aftertheir cattle as olosely as they do the sheep. That many died iscertain, for the Indians had to skin both horses and cattle inorder to live through the winter and the traders have boughthundreds and hundreds of hides, and of course there were manythat were not found until it was too late to skin them.As mentioned in my last report, it was so dry that butlittle corn was planted by the Indians and that the prospectsfor the coming winter were not bright. The situation proved tobe even worse than we then anticipated, for the influenza stoppedthe outside work, on which many of the Indians were depending tolay in at least a supply of flour. I do not know how many of themmanaged to live through such a winter. They used up their seedcorn in many cases. We puro hased seed corn for a number of themand issued it to them so they can get caught up& gain. Duringthe past hard winter the Indians learned the value of alfalfa hayand a large number of now fields have been sown on the littlefarms under the Hogback Ditoh. Several new farms have been takenup under this ditoh also. On these farms they plant Americancorn, some wheat and considerable garden stuff. The Indian understands drying and preserving corn and vegetables. The reservationIndians have planted a full crop of oorn wherever they have water; all the old oorn fields are in crop this year and as therehas been much rain all along there is now a promise of an abundantcropThe Navajo is a corn raiser. He is even better thana white man in doing it, under the conditions existing on the20.