2.the place he could readily see what the trouble had been andagreed with what was being done-- which goes to show that aboutfive minutes of personal contact with a proposition is worthmore than a yeare examination of a drawer full of blue prints.We certainly hope to get the material on hand and have thishospital in working order before another epidemic hits us. Allwe used it for during the influenza epidemic was as a morgue.There is need of a building in which to conduct the public school.Last year I assigned one of the vacant cottages for this purpose,but it is poorly adapted to school purposes. It is easier tohold employees if they have a school where they can send theirchildren. We need a building in which single Indian employeesmay have a room where they could have baths and proper toilets,We also need one or two more farmer stations-- one of the se willlikely become imperative now that the Farmington bridge is complete and in use. While the Indians must pay for this bridgeit is far from being a benefit to them. Nothing has been doneduring the year towards utilizing the school buildings at Aneth.Some decision should be arrived at in regard to this matter andif we do not intend to use them they should be turned over tosome church for mission and hoepital purposes so that some benefit might be received by the Navajos for the money now in them.Or we might fit them up for such use and appoint a physician forthat station-- though such a man must have the missionary spiritpretty well developed in order to live so far away from" civilization. Except as to physicians and Farmere, we have enoughpositions au thorized to properly carry on the work. Cur diffioulty during the past year has been in keeping the authorizedplaces filled.We have experienced no especial difficulty in maintaininga reasonable degree of good order on the reservation. Mr. Shelton wae& fine disciplinarian and always had good order. He hadto have troops& couple of times to holp him carry out his orders,but it all shows to this day. We have had our usual Indian Courtcases, involving petit larseny, domestic relations, probate matters, and the like. We have had threó homicides on the reservation during the last half of the year. During February or earlyin Maroh an Indian on the west end of the reservation killed hiswife. They had not been getting along for some time. Theyquarreled on this particular day; he sent the children to a neighbors and then killed her and committed suicide. Evidently he setfire to the hogan before killing himself for it burned, and burnedthe two bodies 80 that they were unrecognizable. The Indianethrew dirt and ashes over what was left of them and the case wasended. On February 14th D. R. Hunter shot an Indian who was burglarizing his store. About noon the next day this Indian was found2.