The time of the Farmers is taken up looking after livestock in their districts, supervisingits sale, dipping sheep,settling disputes between Indians, acting as sub- agents intheir respective districts; dividing up property of deceasedIndians so the widow and children will get it instead of themale relativesas was formerlythe case. They inspect stockgold and issue permits, look after trespass ers and potentialcattle thieves. They have plenty to do and three or four moreof them could be used to good advantage. They have no organization, None are nearer than thirty five miles of each other,and the extremes-- Aneth and Tocito-- are ninety miles apart.There is no organizationof Indians and no white man can organize them for a good many years to come.There are ample trade facilities for our Indians. We havethirteen licensed traders and three unlicensedones on the reservation( one on fee simple land and two full blood Indians),and a number of stores on the north and east lines of the reservation. These store keeper buy most of the wool and blankets,and sell the Indians what they have to buy. The traäers on thereservationare allowed to purchase the surplus stock once a yearusually in September and October. Our licensed traders are generally fair in their dealings. Three of them did not come underthis designationin wool buying this spring and we made matterspretty warm for them and are not done yet if they do not" seothe light" pretty soon. The traders of the reservationandnear the like give us a good deal of trouble in buying stock outof season and moutting the corners" generally, with the Indians.Our mill has been in operation most of the year.It hassawed out all the bridge stuff used on the Mesa Verde- GallupHighway, and for the annexes and sewer and water system, as wellas a supply of general run Lumber.There are a number of old cliff dwellings on the reservation along the San Juan River and some very extensiveones alongthe To Chin- nilly, The appendix shows the entrance to some ofthese, though the subject was too large for the size of the camere. Some of these dwellingsare very extensive, very well preserved and very inaccessible. There is one across the riverfrom Bluff, Utah, to which no entrance has been found by whitemen.. There are numerous old" mounds" along the streams where25.