ANNUAL REPORT
1926. NAVAJO INDIAN AGENCI,
Port Doriance, Ari son,
July 12, 1926.
NARRATIV SECTION
Section IV
-INDUSTRIES.
I plan on the Indians improving their sheep by the purchase of pure
bred rams and ewes, and selling them to the Indians on the reimbursable
plan. This has been one of the great needs of the Indians, and during the
past year about 500 Bread of purebred rams were distributed to the Indians
by the agency and the Indian traders. The improvement of the flocks and
putting into cultivation more ground each year; with the sale of farm im
plements and seeds, the securing of water for their stock; the building of
better homes; and the purchase of proper household supplies.
This reservation is not a farming country; it is more a grazing country,
but there are spots where the Indians raise crops, such as com, wheat, oats,
potatoes, alfalfa, hay, etc. These spots are located in valleys where they
can get water for irrigation purposes. This past spring I purchased seed
oats, wheat, brome grass, sudan grass, corn, beans, etc., and sold to the
Indians for cash and on the reimbursable plan. In addition to the seeds,
plows, harrows, mowing machines, etc., were purchased and sold to the Indians.
The acreage put into cultivation this year is probably double that of last
year, and next spring it will probably be muchmore. They use the majority
of their crops themselves, but the Indian traders readily buy all their sur
plus, giving them& good price for what is sold. This is true especially of
corn and alfalfa hay. All seeds used by the Indians were purchased from
a reputable soed house where the best grade of seed is sold. I am having
the farmers stress the importance of farming, and it is having effect upon
the Indians.
Practically all Nava jo Indians are now self- supporting, as we do not
issue rations to any but a very few real old Indians.
Those who do any farming are buying fara implements to suit their needs
from year to year. This past spring the Government purchased and sold to them
on the reimbursable plan- 15 plows, 4 peg tooth harrows, 1 disc harrow, w
mowing machines, 4 hayrakes, and 1 hay baler. This fall we will purchase
more farm implements for sale to them. We have sold this spring til 50 heavy
farm wagons, and have ordered 50 more wagons, which we will not have any
diftienlty in selling to the Indians.
The Indians are making every effort to improve their sheep flocks by
12
