NARRATIVE SECTION
ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT, 1936.
Beginning with the fisoal year 1936, or July 1, 1935, the former
six jurisdictions of the Navajo Reservation were theoretically abolished.
The Superintendents were removed and transferred elsewhero; and administra
tive offices were established at the Central Agency, Window Rook, Arizona,
with Mr. C. E. Faris, as General Superintendent for the entire Navajo aroa.
Building construction for the new Central Agenoy was only partial
ly completed when the consolidation was made. Offices were almost without
equipment and employees lived at Gallup and Ft. Defiance and commuted daily
from these places to work. As housing units were completed employees were
gradually moved to the Central Agency.
Considerable confusion was experienced early in the fiscal year
due primarily to reorganization, lack of housing and office facilities and
the movement of records and files from the old jurisdictions to the central
office.
The house building program at Central Agency was completed in
May, 1936, the employees olub was placed in operation and all available
quarters as houses and apartments assigned.
During this period of reorganization the old jurisdictions con
tinued to function but as sub- divisions with school principals and other
officials in charge. These officials were directly responsible to the
General Superintendent. By pyrami ding responsibilities within the Reser
vation with the General Superintendent at the peak of the pyramid much of
the confusion which previously existed was eliminated and each division
was enabled to work out a coordinated plan for the entire Reservation.
This utter integration was impossible under the jurisdiction system.
Early in February it became evident that this integration must
be extended beyond divisions within the Indian Service if the primary Navajo
problem, namely; the conservation and rehabilitation of Navajo resources,
were to be solved. It was evident that all activities in both the Depart
ment of Interior and Agriculture must be integrated into one functioning
unit.
Accordingly, in March, 1936, a conference was held in Albuquerque
at which Soil Conservation Service and Indian Service officials were present.
At this conference plans were made for a" Unified Navajo program". This
plan, which was approved by Commissioner of Indian Affairs Collier and Chief
of Soil Conservation Service Dr. Bennett, provided for converging rather
than parallel lines of responsibility by which all aotivities on the Reser
vation in both the departments of the government would be responsible to
the Superintendent. The Superintendent in turn became responsible to the
Regional Conservator, Soil Conservation Service, for land management acti
vities, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for all matters concern
ing Indian Administration.
