Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION II
HEALTH
( Dictated by Dr. R. D. Holt, Physician)
The general heath and sanitary conditions of the Southern
Pueblos jurisdiction during the fiscal year 1929 have been good,
with the exception of an epidemic of influenza in all the pueblos
and an epidemic of pertussis in Isleta pueblo, totaling as follows:
1408 cases of influenza, with 18 deaths
164 cases of pertussis, with 2 deaths
Sanitary conditions in and around Indian homes rena in as
reported last year, the Indians making creditable efforts to screen
their homes against flies and mosquitoes. Practically all take pride
in having their homes present a neat appearance, both inside and out.
Informal inspections are frequently made by the physicians, which
include the taking of samples of water from a number of wells, which
are examined free of charge by the State Public Health Laboratory.
During the year the laboratory reports on the water were, in the
main, such as to assure us of the water being satisfactory for drink
ing purposes.
Our State Laboratory also favors us by free examinations of
blood, sputum, feces, throat cultures, etc., while the Veterans Bureau
here does our diagnostic x- ray work free.
Improved nutrition means, of course, better health and a
greater resistance to disease, and anything done to bring this about
in a practical way really deserves the recognition of being placed at
the top of the list of those useful measures olassed in preventive
medicine. Hence, it should here be stated that one marked accomplish
ment along this line took place during the year at Isleta, the largest
pueblo of the jurisdiction, where Superintendent Towers was suocessful
in placing 27 milch cows for the Indiens- in selected families who
really want milk, know something of its value, and who we believe will
successfully handle the stock.
During the past year the large new general hospital at the
U. S. Indian School in Albuquerque has served the neighboring pueblos
well, both medically and surgically. We adhere to the former policy
of getting as many as possible of the cases of trachoma and tuberculosis
hospitalized. Temporary tents are not needed.
Thore have been 12 oases of venereal disease reported during
the year. Hospitalization appears to be the most practical way of
waging any campaign against venereal disease,
