Tiffany Calabaza/ tcalabaza@ yahoo. comTime to lay down my lady brave and take on the ferocity of a CCTiger where I will continue my education! I want to thank GOD,the spirits, my parents, grandparents, brothers, sisters, uncles,aunts and cousins for EVERYTHING! Also, my friends: Dre, Tawni,Marce, Manda, Linz, Bea, Thea, Krys, and all my other laydeesand fellas! For the underclassmen, don' t be afraid to want aneducation, own it! Congratulations to the CLASS OF 2008, wedid it baby!!Krystal Martinez/ povi_ pin_ 12@ yahoo. comSix years at this school and I am finally done. I can' t believe it. Ihave so many people to give thanks to. Bea, my twin, thanks forthe memories. Corey, you helped me become a better person.I love you both so much. The' 08 girls: Kupu, Drea, Thea, Linz,Manda, Tawni and Tiff. I love you girls; thanks for the crazy, funtimes. Ms. Wills, I love you and thank you for everything. To myteachers, you have all inspired me and your belief in me hasmade me a better student and person. Special thanks to Saiz,Guerin, Sean, Phelps, Kambeitz, Maestas and Pouirer. To my mom,thank you for EVERYTHING. I love you. Keauna, you' re just starting,make it the best and don' t ever give up on anything. To theunderclassmen, good luck and have fun.&+ to the class of 2008,we did it!!Lewis Romero/ lewisromero@ yahoo. comHI! First of all I' d like to thank my family who helped meget here! Sfis for the crazy times, from mid school tillnow; what an experience! To the class of 2008, WE DIDIT!! And just want to say stay who you are, smile and kickbig assets! Peace Out! Yeah Guandi PowerAndrea Ford/ babyd_ 2514@ yahoo. comWe finally made it SENIORS!! Thanks mom for pushingme to do my best all these years, I love you. Thanks toall the teachers for never giving up on any of us. Tomy friends tiff, thea, linz, marce, krys, tawnijustine, n beathanks for all the fun memories! We' re finally out ofhere girlies! Class of 2008!!Ronda Lovato/ precious_ lovato@ yahoo. comwell first of all congrats SENIORS we did it.. to my mommy I LoveYou thanx fo bein der and supporting me.. To all my peps thanx fothe great memories and all the laughs.. to the SET IT OFF CREW, Nish( FRANKIE), Joelle( T, T), Janine( STONEY) Imz goins to miss you guyzand all the great memories we had together LUV U GUYZ.. To Virgthanx fo bein der even if u were mean lolj/ p.. to the double mint twinsKayla n Kassie imz goins to miss u blondes.. To my Sk* nK' Z LULU, MER, NBEV hang in der yo almost done LOVE YA! HE- NAH LATERZ.Danielle Romero/ danielle_ romero27@ yahoo. comYeah we made Seniors! All our hard work has paid off. To everyone doyour best and have fun enjoy high school I' m going to miss it! Don' tgive up u can do it! Enjoy life LaterzVictoria Aquino/ sfisbadgirl12@ yahoo. comWell I would like to thank my mom, and my grandparents for all do helpand always being there for me. And to my Dad, I made it, love u... RIP. Iwould also like to thank my KRAZ KREW Family, Mella, Lala, Lewis, andNore Nore, for all the fun times we had and all da memories we hadthese past few years here. Its been a blast and I' ve had fun. Thanks youguyz...Nicole Estate/ mikeshinoda_ dc_ 08@ hotmail. comFirst of all, I would like thank my family, Mom, Dad,Grandma, Brandon, and Jeremy Thank You for all yoursupport while I was up here and not giving up onme. I would also like to thank my 2nd family Ashley,Serina, Lanell, Sabrina, Big Dee, Lil' Dee, Jay, KaylaPriscilla, Linda, Anne and Dorothy Thank You All forbeing here for me and making SFIS Memorable. ILove All Of You!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! To The Class Of 2008 We DidIt!! Were Out!!!Jonathan Vigil/ jonathanvigil_ 2332@ yahoo. comGood- Bye everyone! i want to thank all my teachersthat i have had though all seven years that i have beenat school here. Thank you to all my friends and teammates. Lot of memories! Thank you! Keep in touch!Desiree Roybal/ Desz_ 15@ yahoo. comI won' t forget all the laughter, sadness, and smileswe shared over the years. I want to thank the mostimportant people in my life, my mom, my dad andmy sister for all their support and encouragement.I' ll never forget the friends I made here at thiscrazy Indian school. Thanks for being there for methroughout the year and don' t have too much funwhen I' m not here. I would also like to thank Seathafor helping with my work, and for making me laugh.Thanks Seatha!! Resource Power all the way!!! OneLove!! Always the Crazy Rasta Girl, Desiree!!Lynisha Dishta/ lynishabanks@ yahoo. comTo my parents, the teachers, and dorm staff: THANKS for all your helpthroughout my high school years. I couldn' t have done it without yoursupport;) TO MY HOMIES: Thanks 4 always being there 4 me. I LOVE UGUYS!!! U made my years here THA BEST!!! To My GURLZ Janine, Ronda,Sher, Rox, n T: I LOVE ALL YALL... we' ve been down since tha beginning nnothing is going to bring us apart!! CONGRATS CLASS OF 2008!! KEEP ITREALGoodbye...117