Antoinette Reano: Class of 2006, we did it! Good luck to you guys in the future. My homies
Janine, Darrilynn, Shaylynn, Arlo, Julian, Pat, Charles, Dennis, Locdogg and those I didn' t mention. I
also want to thank my mom, dad and sister for always being there. I would also like to thank Seatha
for always being there. Underclassmen, good luck in the future, keep your heads up and never give
up. Once again to my seniors we did it! I' m out- peace
Jasmine Roanhorse: First 7th now Seniors!?! Congrats to the veterans who survived six years of
SFIS, you know who you are. A personal thanks to my parents, who put up with me through the
years. To Mrs. Phelps and Mrs. S, for believing in me, thank you. To my friends, you know who you
are, who have been there through the happy, crazy, tough and often confusing times, thank you. A
special thanks to Flyboy for making me laugh and smile when I needed it the most, even though you' re
miles away. And to the class of 2006! Good luck.
Marlena Robbins: How do you say goodbye to high school in a hundred words or less? My family
will say good- bye with me; they will watch me thrive in the real world. I am thankful for them. My
mom showed me the struggle while my father encouraged me to keep up. My sisters gave me love
while the rest of my family stood behind me. My friends gave me happiness while the person I love
challenged me to succeed. I love you baby! Congratulations class of 2006. Best wishes to you and
yours. “ Life without knowledge is death in disguise."- Talibkweli
nat
to
ds,
Miguel Rodriguez: First and foremost I thank Jesus Christ for never giving up on me, my family, esp.
mom and dad for bearing the burden. Thanks SFIS staff, esp. Mrs. Salvatierra, Mrs. Root, PAX, Ms.
Bailey, Ms. Gullibert, Mr. Porterfield, Susie, Donna, J- Wills, and Coach “ D ”. I recognize Joseph
QUIVER, and Elisabeth Humphrey for getting here! Roy, ABC, Tons, Jermie, Garri, Zeke, Byron, my
sophomore and junior boys on the team, clowns playing b- ball and football, I love you guys. Call on
Schuella. Young DUCKS! Thanks for raising me up. Thanks Dad, Coach Rod, Pops, Fahja, Papi
JoVonna Rosetta: I still cant believe it' s already my last year at SFIS. Can you believe I' ve been
here for 6 years? Well, first off, I wanna thank my parents and family for helping me out these last,
how many years. And I wanna thank my crew Cassie, Angelica, Maddie, Eveli, and Celeste for all
those fun times. Chris Cata thanx for all those laughs. And my other half, Dye, thanx for being there
to talk to me. And finally I wanna thank the staff of SFIS especially Schubauer for believing I could
do it. Last of all 2 the C/ O 2006! WE DID IT GUYS!!
Celina Sanchez: Awesome! I wouldn' t have done it without my family and friends. I would like to
thank my parents including Anna. Ya' ll pushed me to get things done and got me through the tough
times. My brothers and sisters, if I can do it you can to. Kenneth thanks for not letting me give up.
Godmother, you were there and taught me to be all I can be. Dianna, Candace te quiero! Claire,
Tonya, April. My other unforgettable friends, you know who you are. The teachers you guys are
beautiful. The spirit sisters, Beth, Tim, DG. Good luck class of ‘ 06'
ick,
Maelene Sandia: Man, four years went just like that. Ray, my bro thanks for everything, you made
me look at life at a different view. Pat, even though we had our rough times, you were always there
for me. Thanks for the memories. JC, Martin, Randy, Nyna, thanks for the laughs. I love all of you
guys. That goes for Ray& Pat too. Most of all, thanks to my family and teachers. Mom& dad I love
you. Thanks for always pushing me to do the best I can. Audrey and Dylon keep you heads up.
Love
ya.
W
WE
103
