conducted by the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament. Those people are selfsacrificing to an unusual dogreo, and their influence is making itself feltin the livo and happiness of the Navajos with whom they come in contact.10. So far as the reservation is concomod, the traffic in liquor doesnot amount to much. This is controlled largely by our Chapterorganizations who have taken a definite stand against its introduction. Ourdifficulty lios off the reservation in the town and vicinity of Gallup, NewMoxdoo. In order to control the situation a special officer is urgentlynecessary. Such officer should be assigned to this particular district withheadquarters in Gallup.11.An occasional Indian will introduce liquor on the reservation.However, this is becoming raro, particularly so with reference toWe have had no difficulty so far as white people or others are concerned.salo.12. The Indians of this jurisdiction do all their trading directly orindirootly in Gallup. Consequently, throughout the year quite anumber visit that town, and the liquor they obtain is procured there. Weneod a special officer assigned to that vicinity for the purpose of controllingthis situation.13. During the first two years of my incumbency as superintondent very11ttle cooperation was extended to me by the State authorities insuppressing liquor traffic. However, conditions at this time have greatlyimproved. The present State officers seem very willing to cooperate in endeavoring to control the situation and much headway is being made. Theyneed the assistance of a special officer, which need has been previouslyemphasized in this report.14. Myself and two agency farmers have been given a Deputy Specialofficer's commission by your office. Such authority is very helpful incases of emergency, but ordinarily speaking it is not wise for either ofus to exercise a great deal of police au thority. I endeavor in every waypossible to prevent any of my field men from acting as policemen, as suchduties greatly handicap their progress along their regular lines of activity.I do not wish for my farmers and stockmen to be known as officers of thelaw, but on the other hand to be recognized as leaders of industry.15.The Navajo Indians of this jurisdiction do not make any intoxicatingbeverages16.Not applicable.17.The use of extracts and proprietary medicines for beverage purposesis very rare, if it exists at all.18. I do not feel that special legislation, State or Federal, is particularly necessary in order to handle the liquor situation moreeffectively. The help needed is a special officer for the Gallup district.19.Answer to 18 applies.- 7-