1
1
o
0
Commissioner. 6.
Section 3
--- Schools
-
There is no relationship existing between the Pueblo
schools of this section and our Indian schools in general.
Of course they do, especially in the lower grades, practically
the same work, though we endeavor to inject into our system
some industrial instruction even in the lowest grades.
At five of the pueblos under my jurisdiction we main
tain day schools, four of them in buildings belonging to
the Government and the fifth in à building which the Govern
ment has rented from the Indians. During the past year, how
ever, condemnation proceedings have been instituted and this
building and a plot of about one- half aore of ground have
been aoquired by the Government. Payment, however, has not
yet been made for these, though funds have been allowed and
encumbered for the purpose. The present Government owed
plants are in fairly good condition and, with the exoeption
of the one at Taos, are sufficient for the needs of the
Pueblos in which they are located. At Taos we have over 100
children of school age out of school but arrangements are now
under way for the enlargement of this school. Perhaps, to be
more specifio it should be said recommendations along certain
lines have been made to the office for enlargement but no
definite action has bean taken thereon. The plant at Piouris
which we have acquired by condemnation is not in first class
condition, however, the office has authorized the expenditure
of$ 1250.00 to place it in good condition during the present
year, and it is thought that this amount will be sufficient
to make it one of the nicestiittle school plants in the ser
vice.
There are no school farms connected with these day
schools. The employes consist of a teacher, or two teachers,
and a housekeeper or an assistant. We have a sufficient number
of these employes unless the Taos school is enlarged. If it
is, we shall need additional employes, and I have taken this into
consideration in my" Advance Estimate of Needs for 1922."
There are very few graduates of our nob- reservation schools
among these people. There are none, I believe, at Taos, the
largest Pueblo under the jurisdiction, as these people have
been consistantly opposed to allowing their children to graduate,
and so far have practically succeeded in carrying their point.
The Returned Students are in the main advanced over those who
have never been away to school in point of intelligence, though
probably not in point of honesty and morality.
Their immediate outlook in their home communities is not
particularly bright, as there is very little opportunity for
