suetiau III,( Moalt)
It is tied to try to care for the entir Kasten kena jo Agoney
Indians by the two plateinns now located at Crowuposat. The Real,
Puortioito, and moneito distrito en cared for by outside plyidolans
nanay. field phyadein from the Southern Navajo Agenay attend to the
Indians of the Renal District, and the functiest and Cmonai to hando aro
cared for by Dr. Sath of Lage. the tastern Hunajo y padolans
look after the health of the school allaru and goney India, fra the
Santa To Railroad to testngton, coming a territory about 70 la mide
and approximately 125 miles long. Within this territory, on boarding
sohool, one day school, two mission schools, and to publ. sohools an
maintained, accommodating approximately 678 pupils.
During the find your 1932, it was the ata of the Easteru lan jo
Aganoy physicians to main l the children in the above mentioned
sohoo) against mall- pex, tophold, and dipathesia. The follouds
-
iactions were mados all- pex- 145, typhold- 78, diphtheria- 06.
The FOLOS. of those mnizations were about 98 per coat. AU Indian
children in those who were rea thoroud endinations, deciduous
teeth boiss outrasted when indicated and medicine prenoribed when nooded.
An average of about our out of three were found to have motive trachoma,
and treatsant
wediately instituted for those trudhomatous children.
About 60 per cent of the shool children we found to han doonood
tonatis, ne tomatlleotonda bolag dom a the children. Wo would have
completed on 11at had who. non tanto hospital to ou in, bio
the weather boo cold and 18 mohllowed usare continuo operating
when the hospital could not be kept we woud to protect the children
from beooning chilled folloring the operation.
the water at the money mo may hart, and the grade of non wood
for the chilarga bath and toilet me not aut table for hard water and
which mood. proat doul of akda trebalo, opeoidly impetigo. Howemur,
w now have a chance of not water no. ou nou wil has been
completed.
mo nakool aluildren were wally healthy, acopt for the akia
troulle mentioned abows and ma oocandone case of tonsillito, watul
about Merak 20, 1982, mas a influcosal opidonio strat the Cromapourt
Boarding School and econoy play ou. 13 boom BOGOSLry to alone the
nahool for one wook and ploy two musid prudunto menad for two
read. The opidos de lasted thro, ter were 300 childres
confined to bed at one timo, utillains the hospital and four dormitorio.
for this purpose. Also, there were 39 Los of paeumonia, Jl of malak
rooovered. There were no fatalitio. mong the nohool children doing
the find your 182.
