# 2
factory. They use the same text books and follow the same course
of study that we have in the other day schools. The Mission
School is visited regularly by the Day School Representative,
and the Sisters in charge have always shown a willingness to
cooperate in all the activities participated in by other schools
of the district.
Generally speaking, the Indians of the community served by
the day schools are very progressive and their morals are satis
factory insofar as they come in contact with the schools,
Every Indian child between the ages of 6 and 18 has been
placed in some school or properly accounted for. None of our
children have proved incorrigible and there has never been a
problem of discipline within the district which the teachers
were unable to handle. Returned students offer no serious pro
blem among the pueblos at this time. Most of the graduates of
High Schools secure work and those who return to the pueblos are
given plenty to do by their parents. The home conditions are
such that if these younger Indians, upon graduation from our
schools, do not secure positions where they can work and earn
their living they can return to their homes and enter into the
life of the pueblo. This latter condition is much to be desired
for these educated Indian children build better homes and keep
their homes in a manner that is a credit to the educational
institutions from which they have graduated. It is believed
that the younger Indians who have received the benefits of
our schools are having a decided effect for the better upon
the life of the pueblo.
Our schools are following and carrying out the course of
study insofar as books and materials are available to do the
work required. Our school equipment leaves much to be desired,
but this is due primarily to the fact that new schools have been
built in the district without sufficient additional funds being
provided to take care of the equipment needed, especially books
and supplies in the new buildings. Likewise, we have been
attempting to build up our schools to a point where every Indian
child will be able to complete the sixth grade without leaving
his home. This has meant an increased number of classes and the
necessity for purchasing books and supplies for the higher grades.
To meet these increases, more money than we have been able to
secure is needed.
The books and supplies on the authorized list for use in
the schools has become, within the past year, very satisfactory.
In the past some times our orders have been changed, and in
cases where we wanted books to complete sets in our schools we
got an entirely new text. This, of course, has caused consider
able confusion and we hope that such practices will be discon
tinued in the future. It has been necessary for us to make use
