Hopi Indian AgencyLaw& Order( Continued)Where misdemeanors are brought before the superintendent, our system hereat Hopi Agency is to heve the Indian Court Judges present. Neva jos, 11the defendant is a Nava jo; Hopi, if the defendant is a member of that tribe,then to hear the case and the Superintendat with the assistance and cooperation of the Judgos give sentence, if that is necessary. Oft times incases of family quarrels, fights, or the theft of small things, the localJudge handles the matter and makes recommenda tions to the Super intendentthrough the Special Officer who is head of the law enforcement on the reservation, and who has charge of the Native Indian Police. We have foundthat this white officer has brought a great deal of additional respfect tothe law and Order efforts on this reservation and with his help we areenabled to not only prevent many crimes but to very efficiently handle tha.crimes committed on the reservation. At present, we are right down to datein regard to the Indian court matters of the reservation. The SpecialOfficer is always on the job night and day, travels and arrests all overthe reservation and is having wonderful results in interesting the Indiansand their communities in better Law and Order enforcement on the reservation.In fact, his efforts are having far better and greater success than we hadever hoped for.The religious welfare of the Indians of this reserva ti on are very completely looked after by missions and missionaries on the reservation. Wehave five missions among the Hopis and two among the Nava jos. Recentlya Catholic Mission has been started near the Hopi Reservation BoardingSchool.I am very glad to report that the present conditions so far as introduction of liquor is concerned is extremely gra tifying. Since the SpecialOfficer took charge here, we have cleaned up this matter to such an extentthat we actually prevent the introduction of liquor or drunkenness. Thiscomes through the fact that he at once took up the matter with outsidesheriffs, county, state and federal officers to the end that he has puta number of whi tes and Indians in the penitentiary in the very few monthsthat he has been working on the reservation. This is because of the factthat he has had many years of experience and acquaintance with this workthroughout the state and he knows just what he is doing andhow to do it.The very fine feature of this work is that he is doing it with the cooperation of the Indians, both Hopis and Navajos, 80 far as the majority ofthem is concerned.No liquor, so far as I know now, is being introduced on to the reservation.The bulk of the liquor formerly introduced on this reservation hasbeen brought in by Indians coming in from Gallup and from places like McNary where soveral hundred of them go to work a part of the year and when