- 2-
portant re sihlts have been obtained during the past year.
At the beginning of the past school year the Agency physician, as
sisted by the staff nurse of the Blackrock Sanatorium School, made
a thorough examination of all chilâren of school age anä listed
one hundred and thirty- eight as candidates for the Blackrock Sana
torium School. Tais school has a capacity of but eignty patients
and those Beeding the care most were transferred to this school at
once. During the year, as it became necessary, other children were
admitted to this school, anà in order that this might be äone, pa
tients in good condition were returned to Zuni. That a wonderful
improvement has been made is evidenced by the great change in the
patients themselves, and in the attitude of the adult Indians to
wards tlie school. At first a great deal of difficulty was experi
enced in persuading the people to consent to their children' s at
tending the Sanatorium School, while now they voluntarily orier
their chilären as soon as they detect that the cnilä is losing
ground. This spirit of cooperation is encouraged because of its
educational value to the adult Indians. An effort has been made to
persuade adult tuberculars to consent to enter the Laguna Sanatorium
but only a few have accepted. It is thought that many more of these
cases could be cared for at a hospital at Zuni.
It is not thought that it would be practicable to establish tempor
ary tent hospitals at Zuni for the treatment of aduits and chilären
because these people resiae in permanent homes and because of climat
ic conditions.
There is a sixteen bed hospital connected with the sanatorium school
but it is necessary to use every bed for active cases of school age.
There are a great many cases of gonorrhea among the Zuni peoples
and three Tamilies show symptoms of hereditary syphilis.
It is difficult to obtain records of gonorrhea infection due to the
Tact that time Indians hesitate to report the cases. The reservation
physician reports that he has actually treated 31 cases during the
past year, five or whom were women and one a girl oI ten years of
age.
All cases reported have either been discharged as cured or are still
receiving treatment.
Little can be aone other than make an examination of all cases re
corded at irregular intervals, and to encourage tiie Indians to con
sent to early treatment.( The young girl also had tuberculosis and
was admitted to trie hospital).
It has been determined that the greatest conditions to be com
batted at Zuni is the prevalence of tuberculosis and a dysenteric
coniition that is a direct result of Tilth and aiet. During the
past year many ol tiue tuberculous cinilaren of school age have been
satisfactorily cared for at the Blackrock Sanatorium School, while
the physician and field nurse nave recoråed the active cases among
