Hopi Indian Agency
Industries( continued)
These Indians are not provided with suitable work teams,
but we are getting them to discard theinponies and to purchase
or raise mules, which are better adapted to their use, A few
of the Indians have good freighting teams.
The conditions with reference to fences are very poor.
The purchase of the barbed wire spoken of will help this a great
deal and will prevent a great deal of economic loss through
damage by stock.
The Indians are not required to do road work without
compensation but are very good about assisting wherever their
help is needed. They have donated many hundred days' work on
our roads, for which we get very little money. Without this
volunteer help we would have very poor roads indeed. With the
increased number of automobiles we find an increasing interest
among the Indians for better roads, and we capitalize this
wherever possible.
The Irrigation Service has a station on this reservation,
and they have a number of wells which they maintain and keep
in operation. During the past year, through a special arrange
ment made at Crown Point, this Irrigation Service station has
used money allotted to us for the development of seepages and
springs, and we are very greatly gratified at the increase of
water and grazing acreage allowed by this special development.
We are just in receipt of a report from Mr. Womack, local
engineer in charge, showing that nine springs were developed
with an inorease of over one hundred per cent in flowage. 02
course the conservation advantage in handling the water through
pipes is an important factor of this development, also that of
saving long drives for many flooks. We hope this cooperative
arrangement may be kept up, and that the water development in
the future be confined to these many undeveloped springs and
seepages.
Wo have no allotments, but these Indians are allowed the
privilege of taking up lands and improving them as they wish.
This is one of the encouraging features of our work.
We have no allotments or other land leased on the reserva
tion. All the reservation land is used by the Indians. None
of it at any time should be leased.
Iturould not be advisable for any of these people to lease
any of their improved or unimproved land,
