naSurrender of AuthorityDelivered by NASWOOT TSOSIE, President, Class 1931Honorable Superintendent, Distinguished Guests, Relatives, Schoolmates, andclass of 1931:It is my duty as president of this class to confer upon the Juniors the symbol of authority. Will the president of the Class of 1932 please come to theplatform?Mr. President, in my hand you see this gavel. It is a symbol of the authority of a class to act upon matters pertaining to its welfare. This gavel is more,far more, than what it may seem to be. It has been labored upon by everymember of the class. No other hands have worked upon this but those of theClass of 1930. Into its making have gone the best efforts of the Class, and Iassure you that the material in this gavel is entirely worthy of those efforts.The most historical sentimental material has entered into this symbol. Theinallet is made from wood from the ornamental baluster of the old stair in theschool building. It is black walnut. It has seen classes passing up and downlthe stairs since 1890. The parents of many of you have clung to the old iing as they passed up and down as children.The handle of this gavel is made from a rung of one of the old kindergartenchairs used in 1895 in Miss Flora V. West' s kindergarten. The parents ofseveral who compose the Class of 1931 have sat in the very chair from whiclıthe rung was taken.Around the mallet you see two bands of silver. This band was made fromani old ring given Mr. Perry when he had charge of the Fort Defiance Reservation. It was hard to get this ring, but Mrs. Perry slipped it from theplace where Mr. Perry keeps his most valued trinkets and gave it to us. Wehope she suffers no ill treatment at the hands of her husband on his discoveryof her deception. The ring is certainly too large for him now.At this end of the mallet you see another band of silver. It, too, wasonce a heavy silver ring. It belonged to Mrs. Hickson. She thinks that Mrs.Harrington is still wearing it as she wore it off after a call one day at theGirls' Building, and had not returned it. This ring, too, is now too large fora lady' s finger.In each band of silver there is a turquoise. The one on this end is froma famous collection of matched turquoise. The one on this end was donated bythe Class of 1930. Let the turquoise remind you of the blue of the Heavens.Let the silver remind you of the Sun. Let the wood reinind you of Growth.Look Upward, Juniors, and Grow.This gavel is to be kept in the trophy case and presented at each Commencey this passing of the gavel into the hands of the Junior Class fronthe hands of the Senior Class all claim to Senior privileges stops.The Class of 1932 is now, by this act, made the Senior Class of A. I. S.The Silver is the Sun, the Turquoise is the Heaven, the Wood is Growth.Look Upward and Grow.I thank you.The above shall be the official surrender of authority, and shall be deliveredeach year by the class president.CLASS OF 1930.