Circular No. 2316
1927
Northun Nava jo Agency
The Indians of the jurisdiction do not comply fully with the
marriage and divorce laws of the state. A constantly increasing
percentage is complying with these laws every year, but by. far the
greater number continue to solemnize their marriages by Navajo
custom. The Nava jos have a long established, well defined wedding
ceremony, and public sentiment insists that all weddings be solem
nized either in conformity with this custom or in conformity with
the laws of the state. In other words, the Navajos are very much
opposed to the common law marriage. Most of them live far removed
from white men and white men' s laws and hold almost no intercourse
with whites, knowing almost nothing about white men' s laws. In
fact, a very considerable percentage of them are of the opinion
that the world contains from forty to fifty Navajos to every white
man. They are much opposed to separations and divorces, more so,
I think, than the average white community.
At no time during my incumbency have I noted a lack of ade
quate laws except when I once endeavored to punish a man for
flagrant polygamy, and I believe there should be a federal statute
making polygamy and bigamy an offense.
All crimes and misdemeanors, except those of a serious nature,
are handled by the Indian Court, which sits on the last day of
each month and continues in session until all matters brought be
fore it have been disposed of. This usually requires parts of
two days with an occasional hang- over into the third day. This
court meets at agency headquarters and unless the weather be in
element is held outside. The court consists of two Indian judges
and the entire police force with the superintendent presiding.
Everything is done methodically and in order and with the great
est decorum, The cases are taken up one at a time, witnesses
examined by the judges, also by the superintendent and decisions
reached based on the evidence presented. Although everything is
formal and in order, anyone present is allowed and invited to
speak and usually there are from filty to seventy- five persons
present. The decisions reached are usually entirely satisfactory,
even to the interested parties, Occasionally a jury is appointed
but only rarely. Sentences of thirty to sixty days in the agency
guardhouse are imposed and served. It is almost never necessary
to lock up a prisoner. He is simply directed to remain at the
agency jail for the period of his sentence and has his auties
assigned him. He serves his time, performs the tasks assigned him,
comes to the Office, shakes hands with the superintendent,
assuring him that thereafter there will be no violations of
laws or rules and takes his departure.
period as simply dins almost ner in the ag
There are several religious organizations operating on the
jurisdiction. At Toadlena, the Christian Reform Church main
tains a mission employing a resident missionary, who is Iur
nished with an interpreter. This man also has charge of re
ligious instruction in the roadlena Boarding School. At Snip
rock, where the San Juan. Boarding School ană Agency are locatea,
- 2
