o
-21
I do not think this can be remidied fully and I presume
I should not refer to it unless I suggest a remedy.
I would
sug
' a
gest, therefore,
FIRST- Attention should be called to the rules andreg
ulations of the Department requiring an inventory
to be taken. I would require that inventory be
made on the last day of the quarter by the Agent,
Sub- Agent, Superintendents of Schools and others
having posession of any property, aided by the Clerk
and a third party.
SECOND- That, that inventory becertified to by at le as
two parties including the party responsible, as to
the actual amount on hand, and that a copy be mal ed
within five days thereafter direct to the Depart
ment and that the original be kept in a book for
that purpose and preserved.
THIRD)- That no articles of property of any kind be" con
demned, excepting under inspection of special agents
or inspector, who shall view the articlesinspected
and see that they are properly disposed of there-
after, by being burned or sold.
FOURTH- That in regard to property" lost" full and
definite statement as to whenlandhow they were lost
so far as they are able to state, be required.
If the above is not satisfactory I would recommend that
the present law and regulations be enforced.
The large extent of the Navajo reservation and the large
amount of clerical work to be performed is too much for one clerk
and he cannot perform his duties as satisfactory as desired. I
( і a
know upon personal inquiry from others that Mr. Dennison has been
required to work often until 12 at night and at all times is over
whelmed by the amount of work before him.
I think that he
should by all means have an assistant.
Mr. John B. Raush i sone
*
7
new
and
of
of the hardest working and most conscientous men I have met. He is
very capable and is deserving of promotion or an increase of sal
In addition to his work he performs a great deal of other
services on the Agency.
The head Farmer Mr. Shoemaker is now
fillingthe position of Acting Assistant Agent at Keams Canyon
