ANNUAL REPORT, 1927.- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO.
NARRATIVE.
SECTION No. 4.-
- INDUSTRIES.
The program for the advancement of the Indians for this
reservation is rather a broad one. This office is endeavoring
to see that every Indian, if not at the present time, will in
the future be so situated so as to be entirely self- supporting.
By farm chapters and encouragement along farming lines, these
Indians are making an organized effort along these lines. In
stock- raising, encouragement is given by assisting in marketing,
by the furnishing of better rams for their flocks under the reim
bursable regulations, by encouragement, in: better care of the old
ewes and rams, especially during the late and early spring, and
by having a sample flock at the agency headquarters, which, by
approved methods of handling, is showing what can be accomplished
with proper effort. As far as practicable, by giving encourage
ment to living away from the main village as only through individ
ual effort can a communist' s ideas of ownership be overcome. There
is no doubt that each year shows an improvement over the previous
one in farming development. Experience alone is of value as better
methods are used when such have been shown by tests to produce re
sults. The season' s operations to date are proving successful as
an acreage is now in crops, which could not be well increased be
cause of the inadequate of our water supply.
We are experimenting with the raising of vegetables upon the
outlying districts of Pescada, Nutria, and Caliente. Potatoes are
not a success below the Blackrock dan at Zuni. Adjacent to the
outlying districts named, the whites are growing potatoes and, in
a small way, we are trying them on the reservation. Seed potatoes
have been issued to a few dependable Indians with the promise from
each that a like amount will be returned this school should a crop
be produced. More cabbage and tomato plants have been issued to
the Indians than ever before, I have been told that this year
there has been a greater demand for such than ever before. The
former superintendent should be given credit for this as he dis
tributed plants among these Indians and while but few would accept
them, this caused all to realize their value and is the reason for
the larger demand this year.
There is a green aphis which has affected the alfalfa to some
extent, but this is not serious as but small patches are so af
fected. By irrigating thoroughly or by an application of Black
Leaf Forty, this pest is easily overcome.
A ready market is found for all crops produced with the Indian:
traders and nearby merchants, with the exception of alfalfa. There
is a large acreage of alfalfa on the reservation and because of the
distance from the railroad and the high cost of trucking, these
Indians cannot compete in the market with the farmers living along
the railroad. The Bluewater dam, which has lately been completed,
will add so greatly to the alfalfa acreage that this will seriously
injury our market. The Bluewater project lies adjacent to the rail
road and marketing can be accomplished there at a much less figure
- l-
