Annual Report, 5.
eriployed in turn, and now the place is temporarily in charge
of Dr. Barton and his wife, pending the appointment of a
regular physician and nurse.
Quite frequently Indians with venereal diseases corie
to the Carson Hospital, which is located at Stewart and has a
bed capacity of 20 patients, for treatment. There is no
information on hand as to the number of Indians who are thus
afflicted, but whenever found, steps are taken to have the
patients brought to the hospital and kept there until cured.
The establishment of a sanatoriuri and general
il pi tal at Pyrami a Lake has rede it possible to take care of
all viorthy Indian cases who apply for hospitilizat ion.
Here tofore, when only the Carson Hospital was in operation,
it was not possible to receive all Indians who applied and
were eligible for admission.
The hospital at the Indian School is entirely too
Sall, and two additional wings should be added. The present
ce pe city is only twenty beds.
There is only one field retron under the Carson
jurisdiction and she is located at Reno. Her field covers the
Reno, Carson and Dresslerville Indian colonies.
The two retrons who have filed the position at Reno
for the past year have done very excellent work in iriproving
hone conditions ariong the Indians. Very interesting rae et ings
have been held weekly for the Indian women. At the se meetings
the women do sewing and fancy work, and receive instruction
in cooking.
The field ca. tron' s work is varied. She does nursing,
makes social visits to the Indian homes, helps them with their
weddings and Tunerals, receivės Indian callers at her house,
issues rations to the old and indigent, takes patients with her
automobile to Pyramid Iake and Carson hospitals, arranges
prograris and refreshments for Indian women' s club, gives talks
on such subjects as Service and Citizenship, etc. In addition
to this one of the perplexing problems that the field patron
has to handle, especially at the Indian colony, is the letter
of law and order. In this, she is assisted by the Indian police
ran. The Indian men and women are often drunk and frequently
cases of gross inmorality arise, which gives the retron ruch
concern. This subject is touched upon under the heading" Law
and Order."
