Page 43averarmein number thanom manrangeconservativefigure of eighty thousand would mean morethan two to the individualor reybe ten to the averagefamily. Howeverfew familiesown more than four or fivehorses, and a few have horses in numbers rangingfromtens to hundreds. The man with two Inndred horses isusing as much range and water ag is required for onethousandsheep. The horse may representthe means oftravel, transportationand farn power, thus warrantingmaybe one horse to the individualbut the surplus rangehorses, unused and unseen for months, represent a menaceand a growing range load, and too much exaphasis cannot begiven on their early reductionand eliininationfrom therange. SuperintendentStacher has within two weoks pastdelivered over two thousand of these range parasitestothe SouthwestReduction Company at Gallup for slanghterand reductionfor chicken food. Range problems onSuperintendentStacher' s reservationare perhaps moreacute than obtains on any other jurisdictionbecauseof their allotrentscheckerboardingwith lands in private ownership,- railroad, corporationand individual.The other jurisdictionsshould follow the example indue time for the range problems of each area grow withthe seasons.The cattle herd total about twenty- five thousand,over half of which may represent breeding cows. There19 little uniformityin their breeding and at best thereis little promise from cattle on the Navajo range. TheHereford cattle offor best adaptability. Because of thelittle water, scant range and few bulls the calf crop isalways disappointinglylow. Range improvement, water developmentand more and better bulls would insure morecalves, the primary remunerativefactor in the ladustry.RegisteredHoreford bulls cannot be had at prices whichthe Navajo cattlemoncan meet. Provisionfor purebredsire, is possiblethough having SuperintendentMannat Iruxton and SuperintendentGossett at Jicarilla savea member of their best male calves for sale to the Navajo people. The mumber of breeding cows on their brokensemi- desert range would call for about six mindred purebrod malls, one hundred to one hundred fifty per year forreplenishmontafter once supplied. The boarding schoolsof the reserve could purchase a few beef animals of individual Indians to cover the cost of the necessarybulls.be had at the Indianon and le through neot.The call crop for the Navajo cattle does not exceedthirty to forty per cent, scant range, limited water andfew bulls as apology. Provisionof bulls as muggested