UÇUCUCUCUCUZLCUÇUCULUÇUCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCUČUCLEUCLCLCLCLCUCULUCULUPUÇUCUCLLLCLCתכתבותכותבותכותבותכתבתכתבותכותבתכותבותכותבותכותבתכחכתכתבותכותבותכותבותכתבותכותבותכותבותכותבותכותכותבתםSUÇUSU:MansUDUCUSUClass and School Activities( Academic)oscameourclassiththeirteachersthetripandinsanCUCUCUCUCULULUCUCIPUDILGUCIUCCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCURLCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUUÇUSUCLCLCLCLCLSince the new busses came our classes have had numerous trips of an educationalnature. In the days when classes went with their teachers on foot or in the trucks, theweather and roads were often barriers that stood between the trip and students. Butwith the two new busses we are able to go in any kind of weather.Some of the most enjoyable and instructive trips were taken as indicated below:To both Airports, to Weather Bureau, Bottling Works, Ice Plant, Saw Mill, Farm,Mountains, Ruins, City and County Jails, City and County Courts, over the city studyingtypes of Architecture, to Newspaper Plants, Principal Modern Dairies, Gardens and TruckFarms, City Zoo and Parks, and all scenic places near enough to be reached in an afternoonschool day. Classes visiting court were treated very kindly by those in charge, and severalclasses saw a trial from beginning to the end. One of the classes that visited the Santa Festation was lucky enough to be there when the train carrying movie stars came in. Otherclasses that followed looked only for stars when they reached the station.Our eighth grade have done some good work in the study of history and agriculture.The history class made colonial furniture, implements, clothing, and furniture. The agriculture classes raised three flocks of chickens. They set the hens in their classroom undera long shelf. All students took part in caring for the hens, testing eggs, figuring percentages, costs, and labor, and when chickens hatched built coops, feed racks, troughs, andruns for them. Of the three hens hatching chickens, but one chick was lost. The eighthgraders had fried chicken for picnic. This grade, there are 180, has an excellent garden.They had over five gallons of radishes for their annual picnic dinner.The ninth grade made an excellent frieze showing time periods with pictures, bothpainted, and cut from books and magazines. The picture map of Mesopotamia was made bythe class and pronounced of such value that it was framed and hung in the school buildingfor reference for other classes.Seventh and eighth grades have made original problems for supplementary arithmetic.Problems dealing with commodities sold and bought by Indians of the Southwest. Manyenlightening transactions were brought out in this course.The sixth grade this last half year has had its very own classroom. It is an all- dayclass and meets in the new annex. This class has had interesting zoo trips, and manyothers. It has made sand- table, furniture, beadwork, and numerous other things. One daythis class made a trip to the dairy and saw the boys get the milk for the tables. Whilethere, one of the boys tried to milk, and found that he could do it. So many others wantedto try that the dairy boys chased them out.The tenth graders have taken trips, and have done a lot of study on the common thingsabout us in general science. The trees they planted did well, and now we have severallovely Chinese elms on the campus.The Juniors in Chemistry all learned to make soap and candy. The boys found out theycould make shaving soap, so they bought new razors. This class in Chemistry has workedon some of the native vegetable dyes, and have made great progress. They bought theirown manuals, and have made many extra experiments that pertain to their home life.The Seniors in Physics had an enjoyable trip to the city high school assembly where thephysics department put on an exhibit. It was gratifying to the class to know they werestudying the same things studied by the best schools in the state. They were pleased toknow something about everything they saw in the exhibition, and in the experiments theysaw carried out on the stage at the city high school.The Seniors this year, in their classes in Rural Economics, have carried out researchleading to the determination of the best subjects to be taught, and the best trades mastered.The material is very valuable in determining future plans.In the high school English classes, there has been much interest in debating, dramatics,and in creative literature. The classes were visited by other classes, and by other Englishteachers.In the American History there has been a great interest in Civic affairs, and the tripsto courts, jails, and to the City and County court houses, were very intelligently enjoyed.Free access to the library for all classes has added zest and interest to all classes.This year, under suggestion of Supervisor Holst, there were offered electives for sevralsubjects. The courses offered were Social Science, Library Methods, and Usage, and acourse in “ Everybody' s Business," which dealt with the everyday business procedure in theeveryday life of everybody. The teachers giving the course found it most interesting.Some lessons dealt with Bills of Sale; Buying on own judgment; Let the Buyer Beware;Theft; Buying or receiving stolen property; Posting bond; Forfeiting bond; Giving andreceiving notes; Borrowing money at a bank; Debt; Purchasing car; Taxes; Misrepresentation in sale; Pawn; Marriage License; Marriage; Oath; in fact so many common thingscam into the course that it is to be enlarged next year using the actual delaing that havecome within the experience of real persons in all the classes.EUCUCUCUSUSUÇUECILCUCLCUIZNSUSUEUCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCULUCULUIכחלחכותבתבותכותבתכחכחכחכחכחכותבחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחלחכותבותכחכחכחכחכחב