SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012To the Class of 2012, WE DID IT!! How time flew by so fast. We' re graduating and moving forwardwith our lives. I just wish the best for all of you. So far with your education and do all you can to succeed in life! I would like to send a very special thanks to my parents. Without the two of them raisingme and pushing me toward success I wouldn' t be where I am today! Thank you and I love you bothvery much! To all the teachers who pushed me and taught me valuable lessons I say “ Thank You!" Tomy second mothers Dee and Vick, thank you for loving me like your own! And last but not least, myfriends; Kayla, Ales, Sylvia, Evonne, Jaybe, Pat, Isaac, Demetri, Tyler, Dylan, and Jesse. Thank you foreverything! The countless laughs and moments we' ve all shared together!! My sisters, the 5MD' s, Ilove all of you with all my heart! A special shout out to Karesten and Justina. I wish you guys the bestfor you senior year. It' s going to fly, but I know you' ll have a great time! Kar, tear it up in sports andmake me proud as you always do. Take state!!- Jasmine FelipeFirst and for most, CONGRATULATIONS to the class of 2012. We did it!! A very big thanks to my mommy for everything you have done for me from day one. I know it was hard to put up with me, butyou never ever gave up on me. I love you so much. To my family and Matt, thanks for all the advice,love, and support throughout my years. Love you all. To my daddy I know you' re proud of me. Justwish you could be there when I graduate. To my babe, Joey Jones, thanks for always being there andalways pushing me to do better, I love you, babe. A very big thanks to my teachers for all your veryhard work and many hours of putting up with us. I may not show it, but thanks for everything. MamaLois and Vick, I love you ladies like my own mommies. I' m going to miss you both. To my wonderfulbest friends, Sherice and Jesse, I had a blast with you two all four years. I' m going to miss you bothso much. My Fab5 girls Jazzy, Sylvia, Kayla, Evonne, thanks for all the memories the blonde, awkward,sad, happy, funny, times we shared. I' m going to miss those times. To Isaac, Patrick, Dylan, and Demetri you guys are waytoo crazy and I had the funniest days with you guys. I' m going to miss all the laughs and busting flows, haha. To the restof the senior class, have a great future, good luck and much love. I' M OUT!!533-- Alexandria GacoSenior Year! We made it seniors! Class of 2012! First of all I would like to thank my grandparents. Grandpa, thank you for your words of wisdom and all the lectures you have given me inthe past. Without your words I wouldn' t be where I am today! R. I. P. grandpa, I love you and yourwords will always be in my heart. Grandma, thank you for always believing in me and helping methrough all the hard times, I love you. To my three biggest supporters: Mom, Dad, and Uncle Al, Icannot thank you enough. All of you have done so much for me and I am very grateful for everythingthat you have done for me. Well of course my whole family who keeps on pushing me to go beyondin life, thank you for the encouragement. To my teachers: thank you for being patient with me andshowing me that I can accomplish anything I want when I put my mind to it and bring out the talentand skills that I have within me. At last, my friends, so many to name, I just want to say that I am veryblessed and grateful to have met all of you, and thank you for always being by my side when I was in need of a friend. Iam going to miss all of you and I wish all of you successful futures! Good Luck SENIORS!n- Amberlyn GarciaaapaFirst, special thanks to my parents and grandparents, brother and family. Thanks to my friends, pastand present, for making wake up early worthwhile. Leeona, Kragen, Chris, Kayla K, Sky, Mireya, Tsth,Nicoles, Deidra K, Keira, Taylor, Jalynn, Dustin, David M, Adam, Logan V, Braad, Cowboy, and Darwin! Thanks. To all my coaches, thanks for believing in me, RIP Rodney Coles and to all my teachers,thanks for the lessons and support throughout the years. It' s been years. Friends have come andgone, some by transferring and some with the time, but life goes on. Though it' s hard to realize it,but it' s a constant fight, and it' s hard not to blow up, take a deep breath and go on with it. Nothingis going to be handed to you. You have to work for it. To football and track, don' t slack during practice. It' s a sacrifice, for the game. Once again, thank you everyone for the love and support you haveshown me. Anyone I may have forgotten I' m sorry, but to those reading this, good luck with whateveryou do in life, and remember to keep breathing.65g-- Robert Honwah90 2011- 2012