- 3-
One of the forward steps of the past year has been a feel
ing on the part of the younger Indians, especially the returned
students, that this cemetery should be changed and with the in
fluence of this class it is felt that it will be but a short
time until the older Indians of the pueblo will consent to this
health move.
Five years ago the boarding school at Blackrock was con
verted into a sanatorium where the underweight children of the
village schools were brought and where by regular habits of sleep
ing and eating they were restored to a normal condition. In this
connection we must mention the continual dances throughout
the winter as being the cause of the irregular habits of the
children. While these dances are in progress no attention is
paid by the older Indians to the children who eat and sleep as
they wish, often joining the parents in making night visits and
staying up with the dancers throughout the night. Although we
are able to bring the weaker ones to the sanatorium, this cause
of irregular habits continues for the remainder of the children
in the village and only the influence of the returned students,
who are now largely under the dominion of the older Indians, can
correct this condition.
During the past few years two deep wells have been completed
in the village and hydrants have been placed at different points
from which the greater part of the water supply of the village
is secured. A few resort to the river and the shallow wells but
the greater number carry their domestic supply from the hydrants.
EDUCATION
There are sufficient educational facilities for all the Zuni
children as our day school has a capacity of 150; the Catholic
Mission, 100; and the Christian Reformed Mission, 75. There has
been some dissatisfaction with certain employees at the Christian
Reformed Mission and many of the Indians have stated that they
will not send their children to this school the coming term un
less the personnel of this mission is changed-- a thing which the
Mission Board refuses to do. It is not yet known what effect this
will have upon our facilities for caring for the children of the
village but it is believed, as our day school has not been filled
to capacity since the mission schools have been enlarged, that
it will result in capacity attendance at the government school.
If all cannot be cared for in the day and mission schools there
