reservation. This will soon be dram up in a very definite form, and willbe submitted to your Off ice. We are also arranging to carry on a fieldextension program which will include, in addition to the subjects abovementioned, night schools for illiterates, educational picture programs and,perhaps, the publication of a strictly Navajo newspaper which will be distributed through the Chapter organizations.With reference to the night schools, I wish to explain that throughthe Chapter organizations much interest has boon developed in education, notonly of the younger people, but of the older people as well. It is our planto start night schools in two or three of the most favorable centers. Thoseschools will be conducted by members of our teaching staff. It is believedthat the idea can be sold to the Navajo people through these two or threeschools, and it is our hope that as time goes on we shall be able to transferresponsibility, so far as providing instructors, is concerned, to the Navajopeople, who should be able to arrange for the employment of their own youngmen and women who have had suitable training to carry on this type of work,The educational picture programs will be exhibited at the Chaptermeeting houses, and will cover subjects relating to industry, health,entertainment, etc. These pictures and the schools referred to, will aidin meeting social needs as well as a means of promoting the education ofthe people.Since our Chapter organizations have been formed we have givenmich thought to the matter of starting a Nava jo newspaper- a monthly publicationprepared under the direction of our Extens ion di vision at agency headquarters,and distributed to all sections of the jurisdiction through our Chapterorganizations. It would be our plan to furni sh news of work accomplished bythe Nava jos in the various sections of the reservation, some personal happenings,news from the reservation and non- reservation schools, special articles oneducation, health, industry, law and order, and any other matters which wouldbe of special interest to the Nava jo people, and that would be helpful inpromoting their welfare. Before going to press, the manuscript for this paperwould have very close scrutiny of the Superintendent in order that conservativeprinciples be adhered to. It is believed that such a paper would greatlyfacilitate the education of the Nava jo people along all lines of endeavor,and would be particularly helpful in" putting over" our reservation program.School and Agency:My discussion under this subject will be confined to Indian farms,as the school and agency farming operations of this jurisdiction are of littleconsequ ence. This is because suitable acreage, adaptable to agriculture, isnot available in the vicinity of the schools.( a) Better farming and livestock practices are being followed thanin previous years. This has been brought about through our Extension Serviceand our Chapter organizations. As the result, a greater variety and betterquality of foods tuffs are raised, not only for the Navajo people, but fortheir livestock. Owing to the drouthy conditions, together with low priceswhich have prevailed during the past two years, the farming operations have notbeen so successful, as is ordinarily expected. However, conditions generally,10