12NARRATIVE.Section IV-Industries.1. To be comprehensive a program for the advancement of the Indiansunder this jurisdiction must include all the Indians and all theterritory occupied by them. From the boundary of this reservationat Grand Falls, the extreme north- west limit of the Navajo Extension,to the junction of the Little Colorado River with the Colorado River,is a distance of pproximately sixty miles, and from this point to theeast line of Range 21 B is sixty miles. So this jurisdiction extendsover a distance of 120 miles. The Indians living on the first sixtymiles of this country south of the Little Colorado River are on thePublic Domain. Some of them have had allotment selections made forthem but these selections have never been patented to them, and haveno legal status that is any protection to the Indians. The NavajoExtension on which the Leupp School is located tomes next and comprises the country between Tps. 21 to 24 Ranges 11 to 15, approximately.This tract was withdrawn by Presidential proclamation until such timeas the Indians having rights thereon were provided homes under thehomestead or the provisions of the fourth section of the generalallotment act. The country from Range 15 east to Range 21 and betweenTps. 21 and 24 inclusive is withdrawn from sale and entry for the purppose of making allotments to the Indians living thereon.In all this extensive area there is one farmers station underthis jurisdiction. Only one Far mer is provided with facilities fordoing any practical stockor farming work am ong the Indians.Under the circumstances a omprehensive plan would be impossibleof execution. Beyond the supplying a few male stock and building afew tanks for stock water little has been done for these Indians. Andthe male stock issued has not been looked after, and the most of ithas not been even seen by any employe for months at a time. Some ofit faxxy since it was issued, The rams were turned over to the Indianwith a sigh of relief, and that was the last that anyone ever saw ofmost of them, Not being used to the conditions here the rams died,and unless being acclimated before issue they will mostly die. Somefew survived and a few good half- breeds are still in evidence.The bulls and stallions went through the change from whitecare to the Indian lack of care better than the sheep did and werebeneficial. But there is no information in this office as to theresults of introduction of better breeds, and the ratio of benefitis entirely unknown.The Indians farm patches of land fitted for planting by theprevious winters' precipitation, and they should be helped to farmalong the line of their own knowledge of local conditions, as theyuse dry farming methods adapted to local conditions.The Indians weave blankets and this is the only industryoutside of their stock. It is rather a slavery for the Women and theycannot do the domestic work constantly urged by the office and weavebut no one has apparently sensed this inconsistency. A better woolthat would produce more revenue per animal and free the women fromthis exacting toil might be better