ANNUAL REPORT- 1926
NAVAJO INDIAN ACEROY,
Fort Defiance, Arizma,
July 22,926.
NARRATIVE SECLION
Section 1
- Law and Order.
A General Hospital, 70- bed càpacity, fully equipped, is an imperative
Agency need in this Jurisdiction. The General Hospital now being operated
at the Nava jo Agency has thirty beds. It is too small, always overcrowded,
with a waiting list of patients; is poorly equipped, no isolation ward to
give the Nava jos the advantage of modern medicine and surgery. There is
a most urgent need for a well 9 quipped General Hospital for the Nava jo
people. Under this jurisdiction alone there are 12,000 Indians to be
served. In addition the other Nava jo jurisdictions sei ir surgical
cases here for operation. From the other jurisdictions, at the present time
there is one patient from Shiprock, one from Hopi, one from Leuyp, two
from Western Navajo; also two surgical cases from Bishop, California.
Our own people are scattered over a territory one hundred miles square,
and during the winter months in mostly inaccessible territory. It is a
difficult matter to reach ay particular family engaged in the sheep industry
as they move from range to range. The home of the average Nava jo fanily is
a small hogan constructed of logs with a dirt roof. To treat a serious case
of illness in such a home is very unsatisfactory. It is the consensus of
opinion amorig physicians who have studied the Navajo medical problem, that
by hospitalization only can a sick Navajo be given proper treatment and be
prevailed upon to follow necessary instructions. Surgery cases, both major
and minor, are brought he re from all over Nav, jo jurisdictions.
The suocess
of such operations depends a great deal on a well and fully equipped hospital.
In this jurisdiction there are more than a thousand cases of Trachoma that
require from three months to a year of hospital treatment. The present
hospital can be remodeled at a very reasonable expense to house the hospital
staft, including all help of both the General Hospital and the Navajo
Sanatorium, thereby making the entire space in both institutions available
for the housing of pati ents.
The cost of constructing a 70- bed hospital depends on the plan of
course. I believe such a hospital can be constructed within the estimated
amount of$ 60,000( See our Advance Estimate of Needs, 1928) as building stone
is available near the site. Also all dissension lumber, as well as all
comon lumber is available at the government sawmial. I consider a properly
equipped hospital of sufficient capacity the most urgent need of the Navajo
people at the present time.
1.
