SEIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012I would like to thank my mother and step- father for pushing me to strive for the best and nevergiving up on me. To my little sister Aisha, one more year and you' ll be done. To my older brothersAnthony and Brian, thanks for always being there and encouraging me to stay in school. To the littleones Rhiannon, Drake, Carter, Delaney, and Anani, thanks for always putting a smile on my face, youall are my world! To the rest of my family, thank you for all your support throughout my high schoolyears. To my girls Jasmine, Devonna, Kadesha, Francesca, and Allayne, thanks for all the laughsthroughout the years and always being there. Keep on keeping on girls! To all my teachers, withoutall of you I wouldn' t have made it this far. To the class of 2012, CONGRATULATIONS WE DID IT!!- Leala AbeytaWell Seniors we did it! The class of 2012 is officialy the last class to graduate! It' s shockingto see how the years have gone by so quick. Seems like last semester I was a freshman andnow I' m on my way to face reality. Now I take on the role of facing what people call “ TheReal World ”. Thinking of the time coming into my sophomore year as a new kid was anexperience because never did I think I would get along with the whole senior class. So manycrazy and funny moments from going ghost adventuring with Zach, Nolan, Chris, and Nick;talking smack to Taylor; then supporting Jazz and Joey at their games, and lastly makingpeople laugh. I would like to say “ Thank You ” to my entire family especially my mom, dad,brother, and sister for being my biggest supporters of going for my dream. A word of adviceto the underclassmen: Go big in high school because the four years go by so fast. Enjoy the little things. Dreambig, live and love life, keep your heads up, do the best to succeed, and live to the fullest.Thank goodness high school is over!! I' M OUT, DUCES!!!!Jonathan AntonioFinally the year we' ve been so anxiously awaiting has come and gone. Yay! These long, eventful sixyears wouldn' t have been much without the people who were alongside. First, my deepest thanks toall the teachers and coaches who were so generous to share their knowledge with me, both in andout of the classroom. I' d especially like to thank the teachers that kept school interesting- the mathteachers Mrs. MP and Mr. Greer for their great spirits, along with Mrs. S, Ms. Guerin, and Ms. Mierafor teaching me incredible amounts of responsibility as well as life lessons. Blessings to the beautifulReece, Sally Pie, Marissa, Kerry, Heli, Cassie, Mamma Renee and Auntie Mary- thank you ladies forhelping me in your own ways. You' re in my prayers always. I' m going to miss you Shaq! Thanks forhaving my back when I forget things. I love you Jesse/ Ku- hai- uh! I' d also like to thank the XC team forall the amazing memories! Good luck underclassmen! Of course, Daweeyah, thank you for your continued support. No words could explain how appreciative I am to have you. Go hard and stay focused little sisters, Gracieand Sally Pie. I love you!Lorraine AragonWow! It' s amazing how seven years can come by so fast. It takes a lot of hard work anddedication to come to this last year of high school. First, I would like to thank both of my Baca andChavarria families for encouraging and giving me the support throughout my years of growing up; tomy teachers for helping me prepare for the next step and who are like second parents to me; to mytwo main best friends Ashley and Jon( Thunder), thanks for all the funny and hilarious times throughthese seven years, especially when we managed to always be there for one another. Again thankyou, and I love you guys. To Gia, my little sister, thank you for always being there as the other shoulder when times were rough and also for the laughs and good memories of us acting silly. I love youand I' ll miss you very much! Do your best in school and don' t give up! To my little brother Jareth andmy little sister Carly Jo, I love you both so much and now it' s your turn to follow the right path andfinish school strong. Yes it' s going to take hard work and dedication, but I know you both can do it! To my classmates, Ilove you all and I will miss you very much. Continue to achieve your goals and dreams and don' t ever, ever give up!- Jenyce Baca2011- 2012 87