Page 7.ANNUAL REPORT? 1926.NARRATIVE.PUEBLO BONITO.INDUSTRIES.So far the demand this 8988on for good lavabo blanketobas exceeded the supply as but few were made during the pinion autseason. Weaving is taught I believe in nearly all sohoolswhere Navabo girls attend school but it appoars to me with the.duoation of the tribo the Industry of blanket wo& ving willbecome less in the next decade and become a lost art withthe next generation. Our Indians are sell supporting, tho asamong whites some are shiftless and not dependable but themajority are produoers of wealth. Thoy need no assistance asto send, machinery or wagons. Allotments made to them are oflittle value exoept for the amount or open grazing they may controlsurrounding sane.A bera of milk goe ts has been purchased for the schooland it will be our endeavor to manage this berd and securea quantity of good milk for the children of this school, especiallyfor those of low vitality, loss in weight or other cause as to neeaspecial diet.This being a semi- aria region farming activities willalways be secondary to the live stock industry.In Chaco Canon, 30 miles from here is located thefamous Pueblo Bonito Ruin and in a radius of 15 miles from there14 other large ruins are located, indicating a large populouscountry several centuries ago. The National Geographic Societyis spending their 6th season in excavation and study of thepre- Columbian people, having already expended more than$ 75,000.in this work. With the construction of good roads there wouldbe thousands of people visit these monuments of antiquity.The Fifth Inter- Tribal Indian Ceremonial is announcedto be held in Gallup August, 25-7th of this year, with anexhibit of Indian products. In past years this has beenan interesting feature and the Indians have benefitted, thebeauty of their dances has been very much enjoyed by many peopleincluding many selebrities. It is not a money making scheme, asno one except the Indians receive and compensation except theSecretary of the Ceremonial. Substantial premiums are paidfor exhibits. It has been my privelege to be Director in chargeof exhibits each year. Copy of premium list is attached foryour information,35 boys are now in the beet fields in Kansas, this being theirfirst experience in such work anů am hopeful that they will notonly prove reliable in every way but return with a substantialsaving of money, and broader visions in the business of life.