O
1
O
Commissioner- 10.
Section 4-------
---- Industries
..
The Indians under this jurisdiction are agriculturists.
When the Spaniards first found them in olden times they
were practicing irrigation and cultivating considerable
areas of land. From that day to this they have continued
these practices. Some of their methods, however, are quite
antiquated. There are Indians in the different pueblos today
who prefer to thresh by tramping out the grain to using
separators provided for this purpose by the Government. of
course, the number of such Indians is quite limited, and most
of them are willing and anxious to use a more intelligent
system. Practically all agriculture by these Indians is
carried on under irrigation. During the present year the
several Pueblos under my jurisdiction have about 4,000 acres
in grain; wheat, oats, barley and garden truck. They would
have more if there were more lands to cultivate, but more
lands can only be prooured for them by the installation of
new irrigation projects, or the retaking of land which has
virtually been stolen from them. At the present time there
are something like 1800 or 2,000 claims on the several
Pueblo grants under my jurisdiction that are adverse' to
Indian occupanoy. Many of these claims, no doubt, are valid
and the people who are using the land should not be molested.
However, there are a great number of claims that seem to
have no shred of right and it is hoped that the courts will
take proper action in these cases and reclaim this land for
its owners. It is also hoped that the court will take proper
aotion in the cases of valid adverse Olaims, so that valid
adverse claimants will have valid title to their land that
till be merchantable. I cannot undertake to say how much of
this latter land there is, as it is a matter that needs
considerable threshing out and one that can only be threshed
out by the coutts. The Pueblo attorney is working just as
rapidly as possible to that end that we may get these cases
before the proper United States Court, and seoure action
thereon at an early date. The peculiar status of so much
of the lands under these pueblo grants makes'the position
of the superintendent here rather unpleasant. He must,
on account of his position, take the stand that the people
who are on the Pueblo grants are there without right until
their rights are adjudicated in the courts, while, at the same
time, he is reasonably certain that many of the claims are
valid and that the people who hold them, hold them by right.
The stand above mentioned that is necessary for him to take
