38PUEBLO DE SANTA CLAR VS.A. YesQ. You did not tak present value and separately deduct the in nents therein? But you did that by fixinga value of 40 or 50 years ago?A. I answered that several times to the effect that wewerefiguring in the terms of present values, but in order toreach those terms of present values we took as the basis offiguring theloss the value of 40 years ago, and added34 to it enough to makeup what in our opinion shouldbe the spread of increase, of what might be called increased value in the interim, which we placed at$ 10. 00.Q. What elements did you include in that increase. Didyou include anything additional to the increase in the irriga.tion?A. I think I attempted to describe that thismorning. Thetwo elements, one of which was mentioned in the San Juanreport and one in this report, and, as stated inmy previoustestimony, we tried to group together and classify, and takegeneral cognizance of all reasonableincreasesin values under that$ 10 that were not accounted for in the actual im.provements due to agricultural activities.Q. You added that$ 10 then to cover those itemsyou men.tioned to each piece of cultivated land without distinction?A. Each piece of land valued at$ 35. per acre.Q. That is what I mean. You made no difference betweenthe pieces of land valued in this report at$ 35 an aere as toincrease in value?A. No.Q. Isn' t ita fact that there have been varying degreesor amounts in increased value in these parcels classified atfrom$ 125 down to$ 0 an acre.A. Yes, some less and some more. What we were arriving at was a fair measure of loss as designated in law; afigure that we knew would make a reasonable average, andinasmuch as the total was the principal,aim to be reached,there was no damage done by a littleover- valuation in oneinstance and alittle under- valuation in another, if on thebasis adopted the average was an equitable one, which webelieved it was.Q. You believe, then, that some of this laud at presentvalued at$ 35 an are increased in value less than$ 10 an acre