3 A
Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency.
officeрure bred re ms until nearly every band of sheep
has at least one ram of this character, and many bands have
no other class of sires with them. Hence, T believe it safe
to say that better than 15% of their breeding stock is
one hel or better Rambouillet. Their lambs showed up well
lest ill, averaging better than 58 pounds. I cannot say
that their herds are increasing in number for believe
the range is fully stocked and has been for many years.
However, at the general dipping last fall we dipped a
ew thousand more than were dipped at the general dip
ping in 1923, on each of which occasions it was thought
that all sheep of the jurisdiction were dipped.
These annual dippings are conducted under the imme
diate supervision of a representative of the Bureau of
Animal Industry. Prior to last fall all ninals presented
at the vat were examined by this representative, and, if
no evidence of the existence of scabies was found, the
herd was given a single dipping. II scabies was found
in any animaoi a herd, this herd was dipped and then given
second dipping at a later date. Prior to the fall of
1925, a preparation known as Black Leaf" 40"", a. tobacco
product, wes used. Last fall a coal tar product, known
as Kreso No. 1, was used and every animal was given both
the first and the subsequent dipping. This change was
made upon advise of the B. A.? I. Scabies was in perfect
control, altho it had appeared through- out the year in
isolated bands, however, lice were rampant and these lice
appeared to thrive on the tobacco product. Through- out.
the spring and early summer months the Agency Stockmen
and the local representative of the B. A. I., Dr. H. E.
Pine, were engaged in experimenting With these lice
using different pro parations. S anpies of all varieties
of lice obtainable were secured and sent to the B, A. I
authorities at Albuquerque, and, as a result of these ex
periments, the Kreso No. 1 was selected for use and a
double dipping ordered. The result is that lice have
been reduced to a minimum and no slipping in the control
of scabies has be en noted. During the late fall and early
winter months scabies meåe itself manifest in three dif
ferent parts of the reservation. These bands were promptly
given a double dipping and the condition seems to be as
nearly perfect as it could be in respect to both lice
and scabies." The B. A. I. advises that no general dipping
will be undertaken this year as they pronounce the juris
aiction" CLEAN" ihich makes everyone happt. Credit for
this condition is due to sophus Jensen, Agency Stockman,
34.
