- 7for them to follow their flocks to districts whero grazing is availablo,which is another handicap to working out the day school plan.Thore is little chance of placing many of these childrenin public schools because it is impossible to get to their hogans withschool busses or other conveyancos necessary for their transportation.For many years it will be necessary to educato most of these childrenin boarding schools. My rocoommandations to your office have beenthat a boarding school building program be inagguratod which will takecare of our needs.VI. Program for the Coming Yoar.A. Industrial Development.It is planned during the coming year to get the Indiansto use every available foot of irrigated land for crops. The ExtensionAgent with his assistants has planned a campaign for getting theNavajos interested in new crops which will meterially add to theirfood and forage.Modern farm implements are to be furnished the Indiansthrough the reimbursable plan which will make it possible for themto produce more and better crops. There has been a practice for sometime of rounding up all horses on the range each spring at which timeall pony stallions are castrated. The plan is to purchase a fewgood jacks for breeding purposes. By breeding the best mares, somegood mules can be raised. These will supply the need for draft animalsfor use on Indian farms. It will also gradually reduce the number ofworthless horses on the range. The Indians are being urged to killas many of these horses as they can to use for meat.Purebred rams and Hereford bulls will be supplied duringthe year for upbreeding of the Navajo sheep and cattle. Quite alarge number of Indians have purchased lumber from the agency sawmilland have paid for it by hauling lumber to the agency. Some havealready started building houses, but as soon as the weather willpermit, it is planned to start building several houses for the Indians.Owing to low prices, blanket weaving has dropped offto a considerable extent but the traders and others are putting onquite an extensive advertising campaign and it is felt that a marketcan be found for these blankets at a price that will induce the womento weave better blankets and probably more of them. It is believedthat with the proper publicity a steady market can be found for allthe good blankets these women can weave. Difficulty has been experienced during the past two years in selling Navajo- made silverware.This industry is of minor importance, but some of the Navajos doexcellent handwork and the traders feel if they can sell all of thesilverware that is now being sold as Navajo work, that they cangive employment to a considerable number and add materially to theincome of the reservation.