Section IV.Narative SectionReport, 1932.Annual Statistical Report,During the present fiscal year more attention is to be given to thecharacter of the enrollment. It is planned to admit those into the schoolwho must have unusual aid in procuring an elementary education, Publicschool facilities are available for most of the Indian children in Mi higan,There are some, however, who are located long distances from public schools,Most of the se can be enrolled. There are others who because of home oreconomic conditions cannot enter public schools. There are others whofor some reason or other have not yet been brought into contact with thosesocial organizations working with the State which ordinarily contribute tothe welfare of unfortunate and dependant children. This school will undertake to find places for most of the children with a considerable degree ofIndian blood who are not now or cannot be reached by other agencies,Pursuant to a general plan of the Indian office steps are being takento eliminate children in the first and second grades. It is assumed thatyoung children can best be cared for in the homes. When this can be donewe will refrain from enrolling first graders in this school. It may bewithin a short time the first and perhaps the second grade may be eliminated,thus increasing the number of pupils that can be taken into higher grades.In order to meet the needs of Indian children it is deemed best toeliminate from the school vicious or markedly subnormal or defectivechildren.The plan of having pupils participate in school government will becontinued.During the past summer a very valuable recreational program wascarried on. It reached every pupil of the 50 or 60 that remai ned duringthe summer. All were given an opportunity to live at distances from theschool in a boys' or girls' summer camp where each took part in games andplays and bathing for in each case the summer camps were on nearby lakes.These, of course, were under the direction of employees interested in andskilled in the direction of such pupil activities. Most of the pupils whoremained in the school after their term at summer camps had been taken weretaken in groups to bathing beaches from five to six afternoons of each week.During the coming year it is planned to have a large number of smallgroups of pupils meet frequently. The object of this plan is to bring pupilsinto intimate contact with adult leaders and unable the adult leaders tobecome adequately acquainted with the individual pupils and to form andfix proper social habits upon the part of the pupils.