ANNUAL REPORT.
1913.
JICARILLA AGENCY AND
SCHOOLS
CF
INDIAN
LOLVID
AFFA
NARRATIVE SECTION.
huu
! 6 1313
1. Les and Order.
The Jicarilla Apa che Reservation is located
on the backbone of the Continental Divide, in the north
ern part of New Mexico, in an altitude varying from 6800
to 7300 feet; with the agency headquarters at Dulce, New
Mexico, a station on the Alamosa and Durango branch of
the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad.
Tith the exception of a much needed assistant
clerk, an adequate force of employees is stationed at
the agency, with comfortable quarters and ample conven
iences in other buildings forradministrative purposes.
The Indians are a tractable, well behaved tribe,
easily led, and willing to work when congenial employment
can be found for them; but they depend largely upon work
supplied by the Government and by timber operations, as
they have very little agricultural land and a limited
water supply, and crops can not be depended upon. The
surrounding country is sparsely settled by poor Mexicans,
and a few homesteaders of the same nationality we scat
tered among the allotments. They in no way tend to ele
vate the Ind i sns in their living conditions or industries,
but in fact are a detriment to them in many ways, chiefly
in furnishing the Indians with liquor when they can make
a few dollars thereby.
The liquor question here is a serious one, it
being extremely hard to secure a lexican guy that will
indiot a fellow- countryman on the charge of an Indian.
This has been tried in the past year without any suc688
other than a temporary lull in the traffic. It has been
found necessary to increase the punishment of Indi ans
found drinking, to check this reco; and we now have one
under indi otment by the grand jury to appear before the
Federal court, for introducing liquor upon the reserva
tion. This has had a moral otect upon the balance of
the tribe, and conditions on the reservation have im
pro ved considerably in the past three months; but I am
sure the Indi as still obtain liquor when visiting neigh
bor ing lexican towns.
The establishment of an active mission would
help Tory materially in improving the morals of the
tribe, bo tih in teaching them the wrong of intemperance,
