NARRATIVE.Section III***********Schools.1. No schools these children could attend among whites near here.2. Very few schools for the Nav ajo children of school age.3. The course of study provided for the Indian Schools is better forthe Indians than any state course.4. Children are instructed in a 1 the usual branches of industrialtraining found in all the Indian schools where they do the work.5. School should be enlarged as I have frequently and in detailrecommended. It should draw from the Navajo population of the MoquiReservation for whom no school is provided, and of whom there are 2000.( 8) The plant is out of balance. Dormitory capacity is 160. Schoolroom capacity 63. No School Building. Dining room used for assembly.( b) Am developing a school farm on fair soil. Previous efforts havebeen entire failures because attempted on alkalai soaked adobe land.( c) Not enough young employes here. Makes it hard in every way.6. This school goes only to the sixth grade. Those from other schoolsare doing well.7. No mission or contract schools. Tolchaco was a school but has beenturned into an institution for the instruction of Indian Missionaries.8. The Indians are not very immoral and their progress is as muchas could be expected. They are learning.9. There are very many Na vajo Indian children of school age all overthe Navajo country. Schools are not provided for them. Neither arethe Indians willing to let their children go to school. Nor will thiscondition change until the men herd the sheep. Now the womon andchildren do nearly all the productive work, which is in connection withtheir sheep.( b) No incorrigibles.( c) Opportunity to assist returnedstudents is taken advantage f wherever possible.10.( a) Nothing beyond sixth grade work is handled. Course of Studyis used exclusively. School room equipment entirely ina dequate. Roomshave a capacity of 63 and school has had 100 ap proximately for thepast two years. Need for an School Building is imperative. Academicwork will always be handicapped without one.11. Industrial Instruction and training is carried out as far aspossible, Girls are trained in all the domestic departments. Boysget farm work and the mechanical departments in so far as our equip*ment goes.12. General character of the equipment is good. The ice plant is inbad shape and has made no ice in the memory of the oldest employeW o has been here since the school was built. The boiler and laundryand ice plant should all be moved 900 ft to the well which suppliesthe water and where too the present Carpenter shop is. And Blacksmi th Shop. The present Laundry and boiler house and ice plant, ali inone building should be made a Gymnasium. The boiler house and Laundrywith the wood yard attachment are an áyesore right on the main approaclto the school. An unsightly frame coal shed ad ds nothing to theappearance of the approach. Nobody has ever been able to tell whichis the front of this plant.12. The employeshave been efficient, layal, and industriousand the conditionof the schoolhas been favorablycommentedon by visiting officials.