NARRATIVE SECTION.Annual Report, 1919.Seotion II.San Juan SchoolHealth.The close of the fiscal year finds us free from anything of an epidemic nature and health conditions are verygood at this time. There were a few cases of smallpox during the spring up near Fruitland. None of these were veryserious and no deaths resulted. The Indians are very generally vaccinated and understand quarantining themselves toprevent the spread of smallpox. There was some whoopingcough at the close of the last fiscal year, which extendedover into this period for about two months. No deaths werereported from this cause.The great outstanding nightmare which still hangs overthe whole reservation was the epidemio of Spanish Intluenzawhich swept over us during October, November, and December.The first cases noticed were about October seventh or eighthat the San Juan School. When the Soourge had passed we hadlost twelve pupils, one employee, and three ex- pupils whocame in for care. The epidemio opened at Toadlena about thelast days of October with three deaths in a few hours and whenit had passed they had buried ten out of a total of seventyodd. In the San Juan School one pupil and six employees 88caped the malady. At Toadlena only one employee had it. Outside help was almost impossible to soou re and when we got a fewthey either got sick on us or got scared and left us. Therewere about one hundred fifty of our Indians working on theDurango- Silverton Highway when the influensa hit the camp andone white man died. The Indians all stampeded for the reservation. Some died in Durango, some on the road home, andothers after they reached home. But they soattered the diseasepretty well over the reservation with a resultant heavy deathrate, We were powerless to do anything for them more than givethem advice which they followed as well as they knew how. Themedicine mon admitted that it was too much for them and told thepeople to follow what the white doctors told them. We noverwill know how many died. There were many entire families wi pedout; there wero me ny other sad oases where only a child or twowere left out of a whole family. We have taken a number ofthese orphans in school. Three of the youngest are shom in theillustrated appendix. They are too young for sohool but the re9.