Ciroular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agenoy
Then too there are other sources of income that have heretofore
been neglected or ignored. One of these is the goats. Nearly every
Indian owns goats and has always done 80. These goats are kept for
their milk and flesh. They should, at the same time, be returning a
very considerable income in the shape of Mohair. Last fall, we in
troduced fifty- one head of pure bred Angora bucks. This will be re
peated the coming fall and each succeeding fall until the goat herds
will be the source of a very considerable income. I confidently expect
to see these Indians, within the next four or five years, selling
Mohair each year to a value from$ 75, 000 to$ 100, 000. Within the
past year, cattle have shown a decided tendency to come back, and
there is no reason why the cattle owned by these Indians should not
de the sourge of a much increased income. At present, they are a non
descript, ill bred lot. The introduction of good blood through the sires
has already begun. Thirty head of yearling Hereford bulls were placed
on the reservation this spring. This work will be continued until the
cattle on the reservation have shown an improvement equal to that already
shown by the sheep.
We are not bothered at all by the trespass of cattle belonging to
whites.
There is no tribal he rd on this reservation. The only animals
on the reservation that belong to the tribe are the Hereford bulls
recently placed there.
· Conditions on the reservation are in no sense favorable to
dairying.
A herd of Holsteins is kept at the San Juan School. This herd is
headed by a beautiful bull purchased in 1924 as a two- year old, from
Mr. Spencer Penrose of Colorado Springs, through the aid of Mr. H. J.
Hagerman. Another bull purchased the same year as a calf from the
Phoenix Indian School is developing into a very fine animal and is being
held in reserve, All individuals in the herd are registered and the nera
is well managed. A total of over 16, 000 gallons of milk was produced
during the school year. The peak of production was reached the week
ending May 21, 619. 95 gallons for the week, an average of 4. 66 gallons
per day for each animal milkea.
I have heard it intimated repeatedly during the past year that the
Indians were weaving fewer blankets, but inquiry made among different
traders leads me to believe this statement false. It is my opinion
that not only are there as many blankets being made as formerly, but
that there are more high type blankets in the output. In other words,
I believe the nuber of really first class blankets
is increasing. Too,
it would appear that the demand is slightly stronger than he retofore,
This is true especially of the high- grade blanket of the Iwo Grey Hills
type and of the high- grade outline blanket from lees- los- Pos. I saw
one of these high- grade Tees- LOS- Pos blankets a short time ago that
brought the weaver$ 150, and it was not a large blanket at that
P.
H
- 21
