United States Indian schoolMount Pleasant, MichiganSEC TI ON II----- н EAL тнThere was no great sickness at the school hospital this past year.There was a slight return of the nflu", but nothing BOTOO. The hospital had an average of from 15 to 18 pupils in the hospital duringthe winter months. The presence of a full- time physician hore has beenfound a noGossi ty. A contract physician oncumbered as he is with outsido duties could nover have devoted the time necessary for the manyduties demanded by the pupi Ls. The resident physician coming in almostdaily contact with pupils, is in an exoellent position to note theleast untoward symptoms, and is always at hand to administer at once.General sani tary conditions of buildings and grounds is good. Constant effort is made to koop them in state of sanitation by frequent inspections of buildings, dormitorios, dining room, kitchen, toilets, bathrooms, barn, dairy, oto., by the superintendent and the physician whooffers advice and gives suggestions in regard to any difficulty that mayari so. In addition, the matrons make it their duty to watch sanitaryconditions.ALL garbage from the kitchen is collected into suitable receptaclesand placed in a full- screened and fly- protected latticed outhou se situated away, but not far, from the kitchen, from which outhouse it is dailyconveyed to the piggery. The piggery is located at some distance fromthe dining room, sufficiently safe for practical purposes. Special careis given to the horse and dairy barns. They are cleaned dai ly, allmanure removed at once, and conveyed to some place on the farm.Each child in this school takes a bath at least once a week. One daya we ek is designated as" bath day," and on that day each pupil mustreport to the assistant matron for a complete change of clothing to beput on after the bath. However, a pupil may bathe ag frequently as hewishes.The water supply at the school is addquate and suitable for drinkingand domestic use. It is pumped from two wotLs, approximately 75 ft.deep, into two wodden tanks from whence it is conducted thru pipesto the various buildings and cottages. The water has not be ea submitted to the State Board of Health this year for examination becausethere has been no evidence of typhoid fover, or such like diseases, andthus we have been content with last year' s pronouncement of the Boardin regard to water. The sewage system handles the waste rat her well.The outlet is in the Chippewa River, three- quarters of a ni le from theschool. In the summer of 1923 a water soften ing apparatus was installedto furnish soft water to laundry and boilers at power plant. This in