SECTION II.Narrative SectionReport, 1932.Annual STATISTICAL REPORT.There is very little farming done by the Indians upon their ownland. Their work is mainly among the neighboring white farmers, Thelast two years have not been very good for this kind of labor and ourIndians, in consequence, are in poor circumstances. The tracts stiuowned by the Indians are small, ranging from five to forty acres each,In normal years our Indians can obtain all the employment that theywish and need no assistance. It must be understood that our Indians havelived among the white people for at least firty years and haveadopted their ways. The Indian women make baskets, for which thereis usually a ready market, helping quite materially in their support.SCHOOL FARM:On our school farm we experienced an extreme drought last yearwhich materially cut down the production. The most unfortunate partis that the rotation has been broken on account of the inability to get astand of alfalfa or dover. Our farming land is about two hundred acres;the balance of the school land, or one hundred and twenty acres, isdivided into the campus, grove, orchard, and pasture. The soil is fairlygood, ranging from light sand to really havey clay. We are planning onmilking 23 cOws this winter, with some new stock to freshen another year,The production of pork last year gave us all the fresh pork needed forthe pupils' tables and the number of young pigs produced this last springis larger than it was last year. A team of horses was added to the ones wenow have on hand. One horse di ed this last year, We now have fiveteams and one extra horse. The number of pullets in our poultry departmentis four hundred.During the summer we employ pupil labor upon the school farm whereverwe can when labor is necessary. Our boy students when they return homecan find work in their own communities, on either farms or fruit picking.The last three years we have placed a considerable number of girls at workduring the summer vacation and have quite a member out this year,