FOIRBTM 3HT 30 TMMTAA
ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT
og 1928
Jicarilla Indian Agency
Section 4
Industries
A definite industrial program was inaugurated for this reservation
in 1920 which included the issue of sheep to individual Indians.
The first issue of sheep was made in April 1920 in limited numbers
to each individual and this issue was supplemented each year with
additional small issues up until the autumn of 1926. Since that
date no further issues have been made. The narrow valleys are fer
tile and offer inducement for the raising of hay and small grain,
garden vegetables, etc. But little of the land is under irrigation
and the Indian must depend largely upon dry land methods for rais
ing his crop. The hay and grain which they produce is used mostly
to supplement the sheep industry by feeding this not only to the
sheep in the winter time, but to their horses which must be used
to haul provisions, etc., to his camp.
Practically every family has a plot of ground under cultivation.
Excessive rains during August and September as well as late into the
fall, made it difficult to harvest and care for the crops produced.
While there was more grain raised than in previous years yet it was
not of the best quality and very little of it was fit for seed this
year which made necessary the purchase of seed for issue to Indians
for planting. Indians are enlarging upon their faming operations
and there has been an improvement particularly in raising new garden
vegetables and plants. Potatoes, peas, beans and corn were pro
duced in quantities considerably greater than any previous year.
Hay and grain were produced in quantities sufficient to meet their
needs but as stated previously, very few of these products are sold
but are used to further their livestock industry. Much corn was
raised during the past year, most of it of the early flint variety.
Some of this was eaten green but much of it was left to mature and
was ground into meal at the Agency mill. At least 40 families
produced sufficient corn and small grain for their needs. The
local Agency grist mill was kept busy many days last fall grinding
their wheat and corn out of which they made their bread for the
winter's subsistence. Fifty acres of speltz or emmer was planted
by Indians last year which was the first grain of this kind pro
duced by them. On account of the wet season, the yield was not
as great as might have been expected but at least 500 bushels of
this cereal was produced. It makes a good feed for horses or
other stock when ground and will probably become a very important
product since it is drouth resisting.
Very few insects work upon the crops in this section of the country
but our greatest pest is the prairie dog who buries in the fields
and eats the young grain as soon as it comes out of the ground.
