Annual Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency,
- N A R R A T I VE S E C T I O N.
Section I---- Law and Order.
The San Juan reservation, one of the five Navajo juris
aictions. lies in three different states,- New Hiexico, Ariz
ona, Utah, Tron east to west, as the crow flies, the jurisdic
tion extends approximately 100 miles, however, as a man travels
by auto in making this journey, the road proves to be something
like 130 miles. There is but one east to west road and condi
tions must of necessity be good, if he be fortunate enough
to make the one- way trip between sunrise and sunset when the
days are at their longest. Its widest extent from north to
south is approximately 80 miles and the traveler will find
this 80 miles one of the longest he ever undertook to nego
tiate, and, to traverse it, requires more time than does the
east to west trip.
In this territory reside something like 6000 or 7000
Navajo Indians. The exact number is not known as no census
has ever been kept. In fact the taking of a census presents
very unusual difficulties and could be accomplished only by
the expenditure of a very considerable sum of money, and
as there is no means of securing vital statistics, its
accuracy could not be continuing, hence its value would be
slight
Reservation headquarters are at Shiprock, N. M where
are located the San Juan school with its Camp unit, the San
Juan Hospital, and the San Juan Agency. Here also are two
trading posts, a hotel, a Bost Office, and a garage. Shiprock
is 100 miles north of Gallup, N. M., from which town a
Federal Aid Highway is in process of construction, and 32 miles
west of Farmington, N.. from which town a hard- surfaced
State Highway is contemplated, Gallup is on the main line
of the A. T.& S. 7. Ry. and Farmington is a terminus
of a branch of the D. 8s R. G. W. Ry. Shiprock has telephonic
communications with Farmington, where connection is made with
the Bell line and with the Western Union. Daily( except
Sunday) mail service is had with both these towns,
Some changes have been made at Shiprock during the past
year. A building known as the Old Hospital has been remodeled
a second story added, and is now used as employees quarters
dining room and kitchen, It makes an attractive building, both
inside and out, and serves its purpose admirably. With the
occupancy of this building, the shortage in quarters, which
has heretofore at times been father acute, ceases to exist and
