places is so scarce, it would be well for the Indian Office to
make inquiry concerning him.
The school not being in session, it is impossible for me to
pass judgment upon the other employes. As is well known, however,
I presume, in the Indian Office, the sanitary condition, not only
of the boys' dormitory but of the school rooms and chappel, is very
bad. New buildings, however, are to be erected and these defects I
presume will be remedied as soon as possible.
WATER SYSTEM.
The school and agency get their water supply for domestic pur
poses from a spring a mile or more distant from the buildings. The.
water is conveyed part of the way in a 4" pipe, which is reduced to
2" at the school and agency grounds. The fall is not sufficient
with so much friction to give a pressure which will make this water
system available for fire protection purposes. The agent who was
there prior to the present incumbent excavated a cistern in the rock
on a hill above the school buildings. He proposed to cement this
for storage purposes, and it was his plan to establish a pumping
plant at the foot of the hill. I looked the ground over carefully,
and it is my opinion that the excavation he made for the reservoir
is not high enough up on the hill. By going a short distance fur
ther the elevation would be materially increased and the pressure.
accordingly greater. It has been the intention to use a steam pump.
I think a little fore thought will make it apparent to everyone that
this is unnecessary. A hydraulic ram placed below the reservoir,
adjacent to the present line of pipe, from which water can be drawn
to run the ran, will fill the reservoir without the expense of fuel
or an engineer, and at the same time not interfere with the present
system for domestic purposes. I would use the present line for the
school and agency build ings, only economizing the reservoir in case
of fire or other uses where a pressure might be needed. It frequent
ly happens that none of the employes around the agency or boarding
school have had experience in putting in water systems, especially
where considerable pressure is needed. I therefore suggest that in
putting in a pipe from this reservoir that nothing less than a 6"
riveted pipe should be used, for the reason that when water is needed
for fire purposes it is undoubtedly badly needed and needed in quan
tities greater than can be delivered from a 2, 3 or even 4" pipe.
The expense of this system will be but trifling. It should be put
in, if possible, this summer before the new buildings are erected.
LITTLE WATER SCHOOL.
This school is only an adjunct of the Navajoe Boarding School
on the Navajoe Reservation. There was enrolled during the last year
50 pupils, while the attendance was 43. Mrs. Emma DeVore is teacher
and general manager of this school. She is a lady 34 years of age, ach
and receives a salary of$ 720.00. June Haskell, the wife of a trader
at that point, and the sister of Mrs. DeVore, is the house- keeper,
while Ed. T. Keeyazi, an Indian school boy, is their only assistant.
This is one of the most remarkable schools I have found in the ser
vice. When we consider that these three people do all the work,
( 5)
