There is strong tendency in the pueblo to direct his
life in accordance with his ideal of things, and any change
or innovation however promising is looked upon with measure
of distrust and suspicion. He has not accepted readily the
multiplying benefits of civilization that
could add to his better living conditions.
Slow to
The four centuries of contact with our race
Change
has made less change with the Pueblo than
decades have made with other tribes. Indi-
ans of the east coast migrated westward or
suffered extinction. Tribes of the plains dispossessed of
game and hunting grounds were forced to change living con
ditions, while the pueblos in their semi- arid and desert sur
roundings and self- supporting status suffered little change.
Strongly tutored in their folklore and traditions they cling
tenaciously to form and ceremony long practiced among them.
There is little change in the Pueblo life and as little
in their industries. They do now much as they did four
centuries ago. Subsistence farming was their primary industry;
it is today. They cultivated by irrigation possibly four to
five acres to the family. They did quite as much in 1850,
1890, and 1930. In 1890 three hundred eighty families culti
vated 3, 120 acres. The larger acreage of today perhaps gives
less acre yield, all things considered, than in years previous
to 1850, for there is less water available for irrigation in
season of the greatest need for it. There is little prospect
for larger cultivated acreage, save at Taos where there may
be more water available by certain improvements in diversions,
structures and canals now in projection. Shortage of water
in the other pueblos grows worse with the years,
Through centuries of experiment the Pueblos had be
come surprisingly skillful in crop production. Their farming
by irrigation was developed long before the advent of the
Spanish and they have maintained themselves and preserved
their several pueblos and culture from extinction in singular
ly unfriendly environment. The primary industry of the Pueblo
Indians was for centuries and is now sub
sistence crop production by irrigation. The
Pueblo
several pueblos of the northern group are
Foods
crossed by the Rio Grande or its tributaries
along which is located their irrigated lands.
They were never hunters as were the plains
Indians and the more nomadic mountain tribes. The relative
scarceness of wild game in the Pueblo territory has made the
meat side of their diet scant and uncertain. Communal hunts
for deer and rabbit furnished some meat in season, but the
products of their fields and berries, nuts, and other wild
edible products of nature determined their diet.
4
