ANNUAL REPORT- 1926- NAVAJO INDI AN AGENCI,
Fort Defiance
, Arizona,
July 12, 1926.
NARRATIVE
SECTION
Section
III-
SCHOOLS.
The public schools in this county are so scattered
that they do not
touch the Navajo Indians very mch, with the exception
of the public school
located at Fort Defiance, in which Navajo Indian children are accepted along
with the white children, and in which the Indian children do as well as the
white children
.
The Navajo Reservation
is a very large country, but the schools are
located on the reservation
at points within reach of the Indians.
The school plants are in good condition at present. The Navajo and
Tohatchi Schools are in need of additional cottages to properly house married
employees, including Indian laborers and assistants.
The schools are doing the best they can with their farms with the limited
amount of water they have to use. The Navajo School farm could use condider
able more water for irrigation
purposes
. This farm faises considerable
alfalfa hay and could raise sufficient for our entire re eds if water were
available. The yegetable garden is excellent, producing a variety of vege
tables
. This also applies to the Thoatchi School. The Chin Lee School is
handicapped in that the water supply is very small, and the farm space is
limited
.
The force of employees at the various schools is not adequate for the
needs of the schools, It is necessary to request authority for the hiring of
additional laborers and assistants to assist in the work at the various
schools. This need is caused by the fact that the schools enroll so many
small children who can not do any work, and to the fact that the majority of
the children attend schoolall day.
There are a number of graduates of non- reservation schools on the reser
vation. They are of good character and are industrious; many of them be ing
employed in activities off the reservation, such as construction work, railroad
work, etc.
The immediate outlook for the school graduates is very good. Work can
be secured off the reservation in various activities where they can make a good
living. Many of them are helping their parents in their work and are doing well.
