very fach inherestedas a class in making a fa. After our tripto the farm there was a good deal of free hand drawing of thefarm. This helped considerablyto interest the children inmaking a farm of our own. After making picturesand discussingthem as best we were able with our very limited English westartedon our farm in earnest. A great many discussionswereheld before the childrencould decide upon the locationof thefarm in the classroom, the size of the various buildingstheywanted to make, the work various childrenwere to do etc.Theboys did all of the buildingwhile the girls made paper furniturefor the small hogan and rag dolls to representthe family wholived there.I soon found that the extensivebuildingprogramas we hadfirst planned was a little too much to expect from the classso we modifiedthe program to some extent. LincolnLogs wereused in buildingthe fence, the goat barn, and a couple of otherbuildings.The making of the differentfarm animalsfrom clayaffordeda great deal of enjoymentto all of the childrenas well 18 teachingthem to count. This part the childrenenjoyedmost of all.Each morning we talked about the differentfoods used inthe lunch period and talked about what was being done as thething was done, such as, I wash the raisins, I put them in thekettle, I put water on them, etc. I tried never to introduceaword which held no meaning for the childrenbut give them newwords only when they could see what it weg or what it meant.As much as possibleconcretearticlesThere were a good manydifferenttoys in the classroomwhich helped in this.During this languageperiod in the morningsthe childrenlearnedmore than just a varied vocabularyabout foods for eachchild had his turn in helpingto do the variousthings. of them helpedstrainthe milk, some washedfruit, some washedand dried the dishesafter the lunch period. All of this gavethom many opportunitiesto talk and tell the others what theywere doing.Servingthe lunch also affordeda great chance for learningmany things. The varioustasks connectedwith servingthe lunchwere passed aroundthe class so that each child had a turn ateach part of the serving. Each child told what he was doing,imitatingafter the teacherat first until he or she could sayit along.For instancewhen passingthe bread the child wouldday," I pass the bread."Table manner s were taughtalso at the lunch per iod. of coursethe thingswere oftenforgottenand some hungrylittle