A. G. Dwiri--- 2.I am enclosing the above mentioned statementof the Gerson Gusdorf- i11 Co., with the request thatyou have this statement explained to the widow andchildren of Job A. Cooper through an interpreter whomsho may beloot and in the presence of yourself andanother witness. Please at this time inquire fully into the otroumstances of this account from Mrs. Cooperand her children with partioular referen00 to the taota& B represented to me by Mr. Gusdorf, as I have set outabove. In your reply I would approotate a statementfrom you as to any facts in your owledge with referenoe to this account.Under the regulations of the Department, the. moneys de posited to the oreast of the heirs of Job A.Cooper may be ohecked out by Bush heirs only on theapproval by the superintendent of such ohooks. Forthis reason I desire any information in your mowledgeabout this matter, in order that I may be fully andproperly informed in such recommendation as I may make.When the enolosed statement of the Gerson Gus dort.Wel Co. has been read to Mrs. Cooper and the itemsand details explained, and you have made a full andComplete inquiry of her with reference to this account,you will ascertain from Ars. Cooper and her childrenwhether they desire that this account be settled bythem or paid from moneys on deposit to their oredit.Having ascertaine& Mrs. Cooper' s and her childrens'desires in this respe ot, please pro pare and have interproted to them a brief statement Betting for theirwishes as to the payment of this account, whiðh havethem sign and witness suoh signatures.Please attach to the statement of Mrs.Cooper and children a statement to be signed by theinterpreter, that suoh interpreter interpreted fullyand truthfuily from English into the Taos languagethe items of the statement of the Gerson Gusdorf- NeilCo., and that he fully and truthfully interpreted suchstatement as was signed by Mrs. Cooper and her childrenas to their wishes in this matter, and that all inquiries made of and answers by Mrs. Job A. Cooper andher children were fully and truthfully interpretedfrom English into the Taos language and from the Taoslanguage into English.Please return the enclosed papers with thedesired information at your early convenience.Respootfully,HTC( C).Superintendent.