Hopi 9.
Note
either one of which furnishes but a poor living. When I
visit these boys and girls at these non- reservation schools
I urge them to stick at school till they can support
themselves and then try to get something off the reserve,
because the reserve is sadly overgrazed and getting poorer
every year, giving poor chances for living as compared to
opportunities along the railrod, in the towns, lumber
mills, cotton fields, eto. Just the past week we had
58 girls and boys return from one school at one time, all
here at the Canon, and it was pitiful to see their condi
tion-- all willing and eager to work, many pleading for work,
with nothing to do but to return to camp life, okoing out
simply an existence, being one more for the reserva tion to
support and take care of. Such fine boys and girls should
not be allowed to return to such places as this till they
are men and women, finishing their schooling, able and
eager to stand on the ir own feet and to help their parents
and families instead of being a liability and burden to them.
The outlook is indeed poor for all such students, if they
retum here. More and more will get work each year outside,
I am confident.
b. The outlook for these students is better among the
Hopis than the Navajos for their homes are more permanent
and better. There is practically no wage- earning work on
the reserve excepting what the Government affords at these
Schools here. We give many work in them and I must say
with pleasure that they are fine workers and give satis
faction in every way. They are very dependable and
industrious, eager to help their people.
5. We have no mission schools on the reserve. We have
but one contract school, the public school at the agency
for employees children, mostly attended by Indians.
6. The morality of these children is exceedingly poor.
I would say they were unmoral. The schools are doinga
great work toward improving these conditions, especially
the new Navajo Boarding School. The families are no help
to the young womon, through whom we must work for
better moral conditions. We are doing everything we can
in an effort to improve these bad conditions and can see
effects of this work every year, which is encouraging.
7. A11 Hopi children of school age are in school, either
on or off the reservation. We have just about gotten a 11
the Navajos also in school, having put in nearly 500
the past year. I presume we have a bout 100 of school age
to be enrolled in school this fall. We have to send
