ANNUAL REPORT 1926
CARSON INDIAN AGENCY
SECTION II
HEALTH
The general health conditions of the Inäians
under this jurisdiction and at the Carson Indian School
are good. There was an epederic of influenza during the spring
but at the school it was not serious. About half of the
pupils had the disease but as most of them carne down with
it at about the same time it did not last long and there
were no deaths.
There is some tuberculosis armong the Indians of
this state, but I do not think it is nearly so prevalent es
in other Indians Gormunities where I have been stationed in
northernt California and in Arizona. Trachora, however, is
very wide- spread, and the results of it are seen in the great
nuriber of old people blind or nearly so.
The general sanitary conditions at the Indian homes
is fairly good. At the Indian colonies at Reno and Dresslerville,
the field me tron has done much to improve conditions by careful
and reguler inspections, and by encouraging the Indians to keep
the grounds about their hories neat and clean. At the Dlko
Indian colony, most of the houses consist of one room. These
were built by the Government several years ago. They are not
suitable for a family where there are children, and more rooms
should be added. The Indians, for the most part, where they
have build their own houses have provided two, three and four
roori houses.
The large rain building at Pyramid Lake, formerly used
as a borading school, has been repaired and remodelled and a
lavatory annex added and is now used as a Sanatorium for tubercular
school children. A building for a general hospital has also
been erected at this place, so the t there is now provision to
adequately care for the sick on the reserva tion and adjoining
cornunities. The Sanatorium has a capacity of at least 40 patients
and can care for pupils from other schools, in addition to
those in this and adjoining states.
The Sanatoriura at Pyramid Lake was opened on April,
and one of the handicaps so far experienced is the difficulty
in getting erployees, including physicians and nurses. Since
the opening of the Sanatorium there have been two changes in
regular physicians, two local teraporary physicians have been
