E OFINDIANOFFICEAnnual Report, Albuquerque, N. M., Fiscal Year 1910.---fiscalu2-1910EDUCATION DIVISION- HEALTH SECTION.The general health conditions at the school are good.There has not been a great deal of sickness at the school. Therewere a few cases of pneumonia and this constituted all of theserious sickness.2. Prevalence of diseases:( a) The Canon Cito Navajos are almost all infected to someextent with tuberculosis. Their out- door life seems to keep thedisease in abeyance, but when pupils are admitted in school,the disease soon becomes apparent. This disease is not soprevalent among the Pueblos, yet there are a number of partieswho have tuberculosis among these Indians and a number of deathsresult from tuberculosis. There is more tuberculosis at Islete.than any other pueblo.( b) There is a great deal of trachoma among the Lagunaand Acoma Indians but very little among the Isletas, San Dias,Santa Anas and San Telipes and very little among the Canon CitoNavajos.( 0) There has been an epidemic of diphtheria at the villageof Paguate, a number of cases and a few deaths, and an epidemicof measles among the Laguna Indians resulting in a number ofdeaths.( a) During the months of August, Septeraber and Octobermalarial fever is prevalent in the Rio Grande pueblos. The Indians sometimes suffer greatly frord this affliction and now andthen it is the cause 0: 1 death..3. The grounds at the boarding school are kept in good sanitary condition. All of the buildings are in sanitary conditionexcepting the large boys' dormitory which is an old dilapidated,germ- infected structure, but is kept clean and as well ventilatedas is possible. The day school buildings are generally rented fromIndians and are not constructed with a view to sanitation and sanonly be kept fairly clean and poorly ventilated at best. The conditions, however, are better at Paraje, Paguate and Acoma dayschools and will be satisfactory at Laguna, a new school building having been recently completed at the last named place. Thevarious Laguna gillages and the village of McCartys are generallyin a sanitary condition. The homes of the Indians on the east si deof the river at San Felipe are in a sanitary condition, but the villages of San Felipe, Santa Ana, San Dia, Isleta, Aco ma, and Lagunaproper are not kept as clean as they should be and the sanitarycondition at these places is not as good as it ought to be.ರ4. Commendable progress has been made in all of the schoolsand the attendance has been good. Inrollment and average attendance of the boarding and day schools follow:- 9-