Mount Pleasant had forty graduates from the 9th grade this year. Thiswas the largest number that this school has ever had. They were asplendid group of children and it is quite certain that the most ofthem will continue attending some school. Many of them have alreadyenrolled at the Haskell Institute and some of them will be attendingpublic schools. Several of the pupils who completed their workare now in good paying jobs while those who did not find Work at theclose of school will have no difficulty in finding good paying laborduring the summer, The fruit belt of the lower peninsula employsboth young and old and the wages are go od. Summer resorts alsodraw upon Indian labor and there is no ne ed of any Indians being without work during the summer months,The school room equpment is not as complete as desired, but upon thewhole satisfactory, although the teachers draw up outlines of theinstruction to be given the pupils using the course of study forIndians schools as their guide. The course of study has been followedvery closely and our pupils are able to take up the work in otherIndi ang schools without any diffidulty. The books as supplied throughthe Annual Estimate have been gati sfactory. The only difficulty bei ngthat not enough funds have been available to supply the library withthe needy books. This is one of the outstanding needs of the school.More books should be purchased for the children; not alone books ofreference, but books for general reading.The girls have their regular work in sewing, cooking, launderi ng,· poultry raising, gardening, etc. The domestic science teacher hasbeen at this school for twenty years and is thoroughly acquaintedwith the work to be given the girls. She teaches all of the classesin domestic arts which is not done by the seamstress. This school hasbeen very fortunate in its seamstress. She has given the girls valuabletra ining in sewi ng. Classes in cooking have been very successful andit is a pleasing thing to see the work done by them in their domesticscience department.The boys have classes in carpentry, engineering, plumbing, electricw oring, steam engine ering, dairying, poultry raising, and farming.The work given is that as outlined in the course of study. Theinstructors in the different departments are will fitted for theirwork, and the boys are receiving good training in the differentlines as given.The school plant is very much in need of furniture and other equipment in the dormitories. The funds that have been available havenever been en ough to take care of all of the articles ne eded, especiallyin the pupils' rooms. New beds, mattresses, and furniture of allkinds should be purchased for the different buildings.