ASSOURIEEE CARDreservesANNUAL REPORT, SANTA FE BOARDING SCHOOL. JUNE 30, 1924NARRATIVE SECTIONSection IIISchoolsThe rated capacity of this school is now 450Mytotal enrollment for the year was. 474 This was bona fideenrollment, no person being counted in on it excepting suchas had actually been in attendance for at least a couple ofweeks Several pupils who came in and then dropped outwithin a few days after enrolling were disregarded in arriving at this tigure The average daily attendance was438. 63, or within 11 points of the maximum present capacityof the school. Under the law, which allows a per capitaexpenditure here of 225 dollars, the required average dailyattendance would have been only 390A year ago we were all talking about increasingthe capacity of this school to 600. It is now 450, but Idoubt that it should ever go beyond 500. I am inclined tothink that 500 would be about right; but even that figureshould not be attempted just at present We are able to takecare of 450 all right, excepting that they croud out academicclass rooms a little. But I believe I can handle this situation without extra expense or greaty difficultyWe are now putting up two sleeping porches at thegirls' building, so as to provide adequate dormitory space.One of the porches is near completion, the other is abouthalf done. Next project is to expand the dining room,plans for which are now being prepared in the Indian officeAS soon as possible say a year from now We should beginthe construction of the proposed new hospital. Then theold hospital should be torn down and the proposed gymnasiumassembly room set almost on the exact spot where the presenthospital stands To do otherwise w ould be to bungle mattersconsiderablyThe school farm is as large as we can handle, consia.ering the 1imitect water supply Of course some years thewater is ample for our area while others years it is not soThe fact that we have to run on a small farm makes my percapita allowance a little meager scant wonder, thereforethat supervisors and other visiting officials of ten findings lacking here which have been provided at certainother schools with apparent ease If this school weresituated on the Rio Grande river, 1ike the school at A1buquerque, I might do more than I am doing in the way ofrassing forage cropsThis school carries all grades from" beginners"upthrough VIII or Second Year Junior Vocational. This yearwe had twenty- six graduates, as against 14 a year ago.The immediate outlook for all of these young people, withperhaps a few exceptions, seems very promising. Most ofhem will continue their schooling in some school offeringwork in advance of the Junior Vocational course.Otherswill get a job and go to workSome of the girls of course