2adults, Soabies and body 11os are common. Clean Ohildren coing baok from boarding schools are soon intos tod booause of airty beds and lousy parents, Bedbugs play tag on the beds duringthe day time. Bad linen is Boarea, and olean only when boughtD1 seases of the respiratory traot are out to numerous duringthe winter months due to many factors, suoh as exposure, poorven tilation, and lowered physi. oel resistance. The ZuniE closeall doors and indows at night because of the fear of wi tohes,any babies Buccumb to pneumoniaDysentery takes about T1ſ teen Zuni babies each summer, theinfection coming from spoiled food and contaminated water. Theaverage Zuni cook pays little attention to oleanlinors in oookins, Tce boxes for preservation or perishable foods are theexOoptionDiseases of the eye, especially external diseases,aremany, and most common amongst the children. Many cases of" runningear" are treated during the yearTuberculosis, the a1, sease which in percentage has beengreatly overestimated during recent years, has its toll but actto any greater extent than among the pooroy class of whitesTn conclusion, let me say the tone hundred deaths is tooIany Tor two thousand Tunis, The to teal number of births anddeaths runs about neck and neck. The white race also have aies th rete in disease which, barring old age and accident highor among the whites) is much lower than that of the Zunis, TheZunis must be pulled out of the rut and gradually is the onlyway it can be a one. I would be quite unobserving should I notsee several instances of improvement in their living conditionsduring the past sixteen months of work Eamong them. I dare saythat many Indian families are today happier and in better financal condition than many former mediocre whi te Iamilies. AnyEgreat progress noted in bettered living conditions, such as hy.Ei ene and sani tat1 on is among those able to make sure oney tomake improvements, Medical soience will make its greatest strideamong the Zuni sat the time when the biggest changes in their sooial, educational and economic status occur. The younger generation will soon supercede the old, which will la: rk the downfallof witchcraft I should like to see an Own hospital erected hereto demonstrate to the Zunis what all can be done f or them, andto stand as an example to theik in cleanliness and sanitationTO