3 stad ofdood of fooTo the Class of 2003 and SFIS Staff: First, I would like to takethis opportunity to thank the many SFIS staff members whohave positively influenced my life and supported me throughthe years as a student and as an athlete. Your good advice andwords of wisdom meant a lot to me. Especially the advice Ididn' t like to hear. I would especially like to thank all theseniors for the many memories that I' will cherish for the rest ofmy life. Although it' s sad to bring this chapter of our lives toan end, I can' t stop thinking of our future and all of itspossibilities. I' ll only ask that you follow your dreams and bethe best at what you do. I hope all the friendships developedover the years will last forever. I Love you all!Sarah Carlisle# 3What' s up Soul People? First of all I would like to MostDefinitely thank my parents because without theencouragement, strictness, and love, I wouldn' t have done itwithout you guys. I love you both a lot and thank you! I wouldalso like to thank my real close friend... Jen- Bug.. Love ya likea soul sista! Thanks for always being there for me during my upsand downs. Also, to Bry, you were like a little brother and I loveyou like one. Thank you for the talks and laughs. You and Tenwere the best, funny,' cool and crazy! To my roomies.. Jen, Nat,and Jo: thanks for all the laughs, craziness, food, movies, funand gossip. I would like to thank one more person, my love bug.. Ilove you very much and thanks for always helping me with mywork' and with me. Thanks for always being there for me too..Thanks for all the laughs, cries, talks, and us having fun.. I loveyou baby! Last but not least, the SENIORS.. Congrats to you alland may all your dreams come true and good luck in the future.And to all you underclassmen, especially all the freshmen girlsin Main Dórm second floor.. Work and study hard because it willpay off to get into a good college. Make your high school yearsmemorable because it goes by pretty fast. Peace, Desiree cas= DAYC=“ In life there are going to be some things that are going tomake it hard to smile but whatever you do, through all therain and pain, you got to keep your sense of humor, you got tosmile for me now. ” Remember that- Tupac Shakur. I wouldlike to thank my family for encouraging me to graduate. Iwould also like to thank my grandpa who was always therefor me, and to my friends who somehow made the best' out ofthese four years here at SFIS. Thanks, Erica Chavezfor food of of