53UNITED STATES OF AMERICAareas could be reached by ditches, thereis enoughwater totake care of them. The SanIldefonso Indianlan Is east ofthe Rio Grande river, as well as someof the non- Indian landsin the vicinity of San Ildefonso, could also, we are informed,be so irrigated by an extension of the ditches from thisproject into that region. A surveywould be necessary todemonstrate this.There is no evidence that at thetime the district was es.tablished, the United States or the Indian Office was consultedas to the inclusion within the District of that part of theSanta Clara Pueblo Grant lying cast of the river. It wasevidently taken for granted that the Indians had no titlewhatever to any of this land. The Board, however, has foundtoLe con sofar as about 1051. 427 acres is concernedin spite of the very old occupancy of much of the area, especially of that around the village of Santa Cruz, which is oneof the oldestsettlements in New Mexico. A very thoroughinvestigation of the history of this area and of the titlestherein, has been made by the Chairman of this Board. Inci.dents in this past history are not entirely credible to the offi.cers of the Government who were in charge of the Indians'interests. At one time, the Indians themselves signed a deedpurporting to convey to a non- Indian all of their land eastof the river Palpably the deed was irregularly ob13.52 tained, but its irregularity was not as vigorously con.tested by the Government officials as it should havebeen, and their failure in this matters has undoubtedly resulted in much confusion and misunderstanding as to theactual present status of titles in this area. The Indians havenot usedany of the landeast of the river for a very longtime, if ever, but that is no reason why, if their needs expand— as they will if they increase in numbers that they mightnot cultivate part of these 1051. 427 acres awarded them, orperhaps lands now outside the irrigated part of the GrantProvided, water for the irrigation of said leads can be assurod them.However, unwise and premature the formation of the SantaCrwz igation district may have been, insofar as the Governments or the Indians' interests are concerned, itis a