TV NIÐTHO,RECEIVEDNarraticINALAW& Order.Annual Report.Leupp Indian- school,1919.Leupp, Arizona 26 1919Section 1.It would be very beneficial in the administratibof theseIndians business were there two more farmer stations so located as tobring the Coconino Mountain Indians and those on the Denebito inclosed touch with this agency.The station east of here in the Castle Butte country does notreach these Indians at all. It is located best for the Indians livingnear Castle Butte which is the most thickly settled part of thisjurisdiction. But these other Indians are left without the directsupervision in their homes of any white employe at all. They feelthat they are being neglected, and are frequently at a loss when whitestockmen tell them they belong somewhere else.The complicated situation of railroad land, state school land,Government land, and allotment selections in which these Indians livegives frequent rise to dispute in which without help the Indian isvery apt to get the worst of it.I am often at a loss as to the exact legal status of situationsthat frequently arise, both with regard to the protection f the Indianand his sometimes necessary punishment.Sometimes I doubt the authority of the Indian Police to arrest,the Indian Judges to try, or my own to imprison under sentence.I do not think the Statutes made and provided for the protectionof Indians in" Indian Country" at all apply to this jurisdiction.Certainly in crimes it has been decided that the state has jurisdiction on this reservation of Nov. 14, 1901.The Bill presented to Congress proposing to place the Indiansunder all the laws of the state in which they resided would havesolved the difficulty so far as this jurisdiction is concerned. Andit would be a very good thing for the Indian where there is any leastdoubt as to what laws he is subject to. A divided jurisdiction makesfor nothing good. It is taken advantage of by those Indians who arenot law abiding, and is confusing to those who want to do light. Thelaws found to be necessary and beneficial to white citizens are notgoing to be injurious or work a hardship on the Indian living in thesame environment. I have never been able to see that the Indianderived any benefit from the Burke amendment to the General allotmentAct, Delay in conferring citizenship on an Indian naturally holds himto his old customs.Fourth of July the Indians were featured as an attraction anddanced on the streets of Flagstaff, and while this was no doubt interesting to the spectators it would hardly tend to discourage the Indiansin such practices.