Section IV--Industries( Cont.a)13. Conditions among the Pueblos are not favorable forcarrying on the dairy industry. The Pueblos milk verytev cows.( a) Can not suggest any way to improve same.( b) We have no boarding school and consequentlyno dairy herd.( c) Having no herds same is not an object lesson.( a) Indians have not money to buy milk cows, andit is a question if they would properly carefor same if they had them. As before stated,two pueblos have refused to purchase cows orsheep at a council held by the superintendentand District Superintendent.14. The Pueblo Indians have practically lost the art ofblanket weaving, although at one time they made leatherblankets, and it is claimed they taught the Navajos howto weave. They do no lace making, pottery, fishing,log ing or lumbering, but they are expert pottery makers,and Santa Clara, San Ildefonso and Santo Domingo areincreasing their pottery making and finding a ready salefor same, especially since the advent of the Harvey tours.15. The returned students are all doing practically betterthan other Indians.16.I have only two forners, one at Taos and one atEspanola, no stockman or industrial teachers. These twofarmers are busy nen: their duties are many, and they areindispensable to this office as well as to the Indians.In the eummer season they are looking after garden clubsamong older Indians and students: they are looking afterirrigation, the operation of machinery, the matter ofstock encroachment and trouble of the Indians in general.17. As above stated, one of my farmers is located at Taos;the other at Espanola, practically the center of five Tewapueblos. The farmer at Taos has a span of rules, wagon andbuggy. The farmer at Espanola is equipped with a Fordau tomobile so that he can visit the various pueblos in hisdistrict.( a) Instruction is largely given to individualIndians by these farmers. The industrialorganizations at each pueblo is largely theorganization of clubs. Both farmers arekeeping up a five year program.( 5)