necessary to drill closer to the river. At sia the work has been com
pleted on the new diversion dam. Plans are being made with the Sia
Indians for obtaining more right of way around the diversion dam. At
Jenez the subjugation of new lands is completed. The extension and
improvement of the irrigation system will be started next fall. At
Laguna and Santa Ana the new subjugated areas have all been assimmed,
irrigated and planted.
Mr. Rupkey has been working with Mr. Oestreich, Chief Engineer of
the Conservancy District, to acquaint him with the problems of the district.
So far no flood damage has been reported to Indian lands in the Con
servancy District.
Forestry: It was necessary to relocate about 13 miles of telephone
line at Zuni, whohi was put under water by the Tekapo dam, The Zuni
forester has extracted seed from pine cones and is planting on Pia Plateau.
Inis may produce young trees. It is possible that rodents are a factor
in non- reproduction. We are making a range survey in cooperation with
Soil Conservation. Two townships north of Kuni and one to the south have
been completed. In the northem aistrict we are maintaining telephone
lines and keeping roads clear. Ve are cleaning up the area where logs
were out last year.
Roadg: We have made trips over most of the reservations in order to
acquaint the Bureau of Public Roads with the pueblos.
Law Enforcement. This department has handled 153 cases since January.
We now have finger print sets and keep a finger print record of every case.
One copy is sent to the Department of Justice.
P'lac 1 Supplemental agreements have been obtained from the Indians in
regard to reimbursable loans. Some are making voluntary payments. The
bookkeeping machine is successful and the work in the accounting depart
ment is up to date. The rations for relief have been out nearly in half
because of a shortage of funds. The furniture, orchard and canning pro
Joots have been approved for the Rehabilitation program. Attached is a
report on the Land Purchase Program,
Circulan& Ordera:" The circulars have been grouped according to subjects.
Porsonnel: Efficiency and various other reports are being sent to
Washington. The new personnel set- up for the Zuni Sanatorium has been
planned.
