BRIEF NARRATIVE REPORT
OF
EMERGENCY CONSERVATION WORK
Upon the consolidation of the Navajo Roservations, it was
discovered that numerous changes were 186088ary in connection with
Energency Conservation Work. Considerable thought was given to
each change before recommendations were made. We feel that much
has been accomplished during the past year in actual construction
as well as the development of an organization that can be controlled
and is functioning successfully.
The fact that the Navajo Reservation covers an area of ep
proximately 16,000,000 acres, and ECW activities are being carried
on practically all over this district and especially in some of the
more remote areas where very little or no development has been done
in the past, makes it necessary that wow be furnished with enough
equipment to assure us of the transportation needed to carry on
these activities successfully. Most of the trails on the reserva
tion are poor. The wear and tear and depreciation on our equip
ment is great; therefore, much of the equipment which we have pur
chased has had to be condemned since its period of serviceability
is past. It is thought that with the limited amount of new equip
ment which we have requested our new program can be successfully
carried on to completion in the time allowed.
are faced with a condition in our timbered areas on the
Navajo that calls for additional expansion in fire and forest guard
and fire- fighting activities. It will be necessary to construct
additional trails, telephone lines and lookout towers in order to
patrol and guard Indian forests properly, due to the fact that they
are scattered over a large portion of the reservation.
Emergency Conservation activities have drilled approximately
ninety deep wells on the Navajo. Part of these projects are com
plete, but additional work will be necessary under the new program
in some cases to be sure of an adequate and continuous supply of
water. We are also faced with the necessity of maintaining these
deep wells. Since they are all new and are located in sandy forma
tions, considerable time will elapse before the wells can be freed
of the sandy condition that exists in some cases. This necessitates
constant repairs to the moving parts, as well as making it neces
sary that some sand pumping be done from time to time.
