C1-1- 1-1- 1- 11111 1111111111111111111111111111-- ll- ll-*1--1Honor SocietyOrganized by Class of 27-----llllll-llllllll|---lllllllllllll---llllllllllll----CONSTITUTIONI. — The name of this organization shall be the Honor Society of the Albuquerque Indian School, and its color shall be — Gold.II. — The object of this Honor Society shall be the stimulation of effort indeportment, industrial, and academic courses.III. — Juniors, who have a general average of 90 or over, at the end of 35weeks, and who have not been absent for more than three weeks of that timeshall be eligible to membership.IV. — The Seniors shall meet at the end of the 36th week of the school termand elect members and make awards as they think best.V.-- Desertion after election to membership drops the deserter and rendershim ineligible for further membership.VI. — The officers shall be a President, Vice- President, and Secretary, whoholdtheirofficesforVII. — Election of officers shall be the first Monday in December of theschool year, and officers shall be chosen from the Senior Class Members of theSociety.VIII. — The Senior Class “ 1927 ” shall be charter members of this Society.IX.- Beginning with Sept. 1, 1927, Seniors who failed to make the HonorSociety when they were Juniors, may, after 30 weeks of work with an averagegrade of 94 or over, be elected to membership.X. – The Honor Society shall meet when called by the President, and ninemembers shall constitute a quorum.XI.- A member may be dropped for low grade or misconduct. Five votesto drop a member shall be sufficient.XII. — The President and Secretary shall keep the Society informed as tomembers who are failing to keep up the high standard of deportment and scholastic grades required by the Society.XIII. — A regular member, dropped for low grades, may be reinstated bybringing up his average at the close of the five weeks period following his beingdropped.XIV. – At each Commencement, it shall be the duty of the President of theSenior Class to read the names of the Juniors who have won memberships in theHonor Society, and make any such awards as the Class desires to make.The golden ribbon with purple A is awarded to the highest three in theSociety.------|----lllllllll|---|--1----11---ミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーエーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミーミー!Page Seventy