ANNUAL REPORT 1929.Mt. Pleasant Indian School,Mt. Pleasant, Michigan.Section IV--------- Industrie8.Farm operations on the school for the summer 19 28 were very successful.Sufficient moisture fe11 the entire year to make a go od season. Alarge supply of potatoes and other vegetables were raised for the school,in fact, the crop of potatoes was so large that the school did not useall of the potatoes raised. The fruit crop, however, was a failurethere being very few apples raised. This was caused by late frosts.A large crop of hay was produced and there was so me left at the endof the year.A large crop of her" apples raised. This however, was a faiiA greenhouse is maintained at this school and such things as are usuallyfound in a greenhouse are grown. A large number of plants for the schoolcampus are grown in the greenhouse in addition to supplying the schoolwith flowers for the school as a whole.The Indians who still own their own land on the reservation have beenleasing all but what they use for gardens. The supply of drinking wateris good. The wells are shallow but the supply of water is usuallyconsidered pure. All of the allotments have been cleared and readyfor crops. There is not one allotment but what is all cleared andunder cultivation. The general leasing of land has been satisfactoryto the Indians. The land is al ways leased by the white neighborx andthe farming is usually done very satisfactorily. It is probable thatit is more advisable for the allottees to lease the ir land than it wouldbe to farm it themselves on account of the lack of tools aná horses.As to the stock raising industry among our local Indians, it would notbe advisable as the allottees here only Own 40 acres. The only Indianindustry practiced in this section is that of basket making and thelocal people are very apt at it. In the northern part of the statefishing, logging, and lumbering are the ind us tries from which theyobtain their living. There is plenty of employment all over the statefor Indians both pupils from this school and adults. It is not necessaryto have what might be called an employment agency for positions especiallyduring the spring su rmmer and fall. Positions are available for those whowish to work. It is probable that the industries followed by the mostof the Indians during the summer months is that of fruit picking and goodsalaries and wages are made. Many of them in the winter time go to thewo ods and cut ei th er cord wood or do logging.No records are kept of births or deaths at this jurisdiction. TheChippewa tribe of the local reservation do not have any local trustfunds.