-5Law& Order( Conti med)Hopi Indian Agencythey quit those places they always have money. The boot- leggers are thereto soll them whiskey, get them drunk, and then take this money before theyget to the reservation. We have practical ly put a stop to this practiceby working with outside sheriffs who have caught the Indians with liquorlong before they get to the reservation and also the white boot- legger solling it to the Indians.We have had the very finest cooperation extended to us by the stateauthorities in our efforts to prevent this liquor traffic from the townsto the reservation points. We could not ask for any better cooperation.It has been very effective.We have all of our field employees deputy special officers. The Specialofficer is a Deputy Sheriff in both Nava jo end Coconino counties. He cannot only work on the reservation in these two counties but also any placeoff the reservation.The Indians of this jurisdiction, so far as I know and I have inqui redwherever I have gone, do not make any intoxicating beverages.The use of Peyote or mescal does not prevail here on this reservation.( a) We do not know of any peyote ever being introduced on thisreservation.( b) We do not know of any white people in this entire countryusing peyote.I believe some of our Indians purchase and drink extracts. We havepractically put a stop to this through our system of issuing permits totraveling salesmen thereby preventing any sales of extracts to Indians ortraders.Owing to the extremely satisfactory condition prevailing now on thisreservation through the efforts of the Special Officer given us by theIndian Office for the past fiscal year, and the gra tifying and effectivecooperation given him and us by State and County officers, we feel thatwe have the liquor situation by the throat and can handle it very effectivelyso far as the present Law and Order organization is allowed to stand. Wordscan not express to the Office how we feel here over this present desirablecondition. For a while last year it looked as though it was going to beimpssi ble to ever control liquor introduction from the outside.My only ruggestion to the Office en the matter of future handling ofthe liquor problem here is to keep the present force of Special officerwhi to men and about six native policemen. I believe with the present organization, if this is done, we will be able to meet the problem in such away that it will be a great credit to the Office and prevent these Indiansfrom being demoralized by booze.