40PUEBLO DE SANT CLARA V:I have eld for four and a alf yea during whic time Iave bee; onstantly engaged in drafting and makingcomputation fo the Board. I made the table, Defendant' s Ex.hibit No. 2, under instruction from Mir.Hagerman, a memberof the Boat Thegures in e table were taken fromAppraise reports and the summations shown by the tablewere made by me andare correct.CrossExamination by Mr.FahyI mean that it is a correct summation of the Appraisers'report,except the last column entitled" Loss to the Indians,which last named figures do not appear in the Appraisers'report, but were arrived at and put on the table under instructions from Mr Hagerman to figure out the land below$ 35 at the figure given by the Appraisers, i. E., there would beno change, which includes classes 12 to 22, inclusive. Classes1 to 7, inclusive, and 21 and 22 were figured on the basis of$ 35. anacre, whether the appraisers' reports show$ 25 or$ 125. Taking column 21 entitled “ Building Lots" none ofthe land set forth under that columnon the table is shownby the Appraisers' report upon which the table is based to becultivated land, it is designated as “ buildinglots,Takingcolumn 22 entitled" Unclassified"ractically all ofthe acreage underthat column was orchard and highly classified small tracts of land, such as vineyard, truck gardening,which was appraised in bulk at more than$ 125 an acre. Thepercentage of orchard land in the total unclassified 141 acresis 75%, and 50% of the orchard land was valued by the Appraisers at$ 250, an acre, a very small percentage at$ 350. anacre, and theremainder from$ 250, down to$ 100, an acre.36 Thereupon the following stipulation was read:' It is hereby stipulated by counsel for the respectiveparties that Mr. Mark W. Radcliffe was examined in thepresence of counsel as witness for Defendant and Mr GeorgeM. Neel was so examined as witness for the Plaintiff with re.gard to their opinions and the testimony they would give if onthe witness stand in these cases as engineering experts, as tothe cost per acre at the present time of convertirg landitemized as cultivated d in the tabulations offered in evidenceand verified by Mr. Sera,( being the ner sage tburеin v relued