Hopi 19.
21. We have many old Hopi ruins on the reserve, but no
cliff dwellings that I know of.
22.
We have no Indian fairs. None are necesary.
23. We have no celebrations. Our Indians go to the nearby
places to celebrate the white man's way.
24. Fa irs should not be encouraged among these Indians.
25.
These Indians have the run of the entire reserve for
grazing of their herds. Their stook is all mixed up.
Each Indian has a special brand, registered in the county.
All their stock is branded with these brands.
26. The number of these Indians employed away and off
the reservation each year, and at good wages, is in
creasing each year. The Hopis are in great demand in the
Salt River Valley. The Nevajos are in just as great
demand at the big lumber camp at Cooley. We have
several hundred away all the time and hope to have a
greater number next year. I balieve this is very helpful
to these people. We have a few who have located permanently
in the Salt River Valley and aim to have more there.
We have employment but for a few on the reserve.
b. Wo keep in close touch with the employment work of Mr.
Dagenett and have 20 boys in the beet fields in kansas,
Wo are trying to get more in the mills and camps at
Cooley and will probably put on a man this fiscal year who
will do nothing else but get work for our Indians off the
reserve and handle a truck, taking them to that work. If
this plan is worked out I know it will be one of the big
gest things ever completed for the benefit of these
Indians. They will go with goverment man when they will
not go on their own initiative. With a man on the job to
take the Indians when the notion strikes them, and to
look after their interests both locally and while they
are taking the strange work away, it will be far
different than getting out and finding the work them
solves with no one to encourage or assist them. The
Indian is timid and lacks initiative, but is a good worker
when he gets started and likes his work,
b. We are after these Indians all the time to get off
the reserve, where they have no local interests, and
get into some thing they can make a good living at. We
appreciate the attitude of the tax payers of the state
in wanting all its citizens to be producergassets rather
than liabilities. And these people should be producers,
