TANAnnual Report, Albuquerque, N. M. fiscay ye arinetg10mIndustries Seation continued.RECEIVEDAUG2- 1910AFFAIRSAlfalfa$ 10. 00 to. 00. per tonCorn1. 00 1 2. 00 hundredWheat, chili, melons and garden stuff consumed by theIndians and not disposed of. A great quantity of the wheat, cornand alfalfa is consumed, too.It is not difficult to induce Pueblo Indians to take upagricultural pursuits as they have been agriculturist for centuries,but the increasing of the acreage to any great extent is preventedfrom the lack of water for irrigation purposes. Their agriculturalwork and their crops will compare favorably with the average farming in New Mexico.Most of the Indians, Pueblo and Navajo, under my supervision are engaged in live- stock industries to some extent.They have horses, mules, cattle, sheep and goats.Number of animals in the aggregateHorses and mules--- 3475Cattle--3191Sheep and goats--- 42000Sheep and goats from 50 to 1500 to a familyCattle10 to 100 1 10 11Horses and mules? 2 to 30"""of sheep and cattleThere is a slight increase in number, but as yet not muchimprovement in quality. It is hoped that the Acomas can be inducedto spend a part of the$ 20, 000 recently received for the new rightof way, for the purpose of improving their stock.No Indian stock is grazed on national forests.About 150 Indians are engaged in other industries, viz:merchandise, clerkships, plumbing, engineering, forest rangers,helpers in machine shops, working on the railroad, and employed inthe Indian service. The Canon Cito Navajos weave a few blankets,the Acoma Indians make a very good class of pottery and dispose ofsame to the traders and to passengers on trains, and the Lagunas andIsletas make inferior grades of pottery and dispose of same topassengers on trains.No new industries have been taken up during the year.I do not believe it would be to the advantage of the Indiansfor the Office to endeavor to render any aid toward instructingthem in other industries than agriculture, excepting the tradeslearned at school which are beneficial to farmers, such as carpentering, blacksmithing, etc.- 2