Commissioner of Indian Affairs
Page 4.
constantly.
Under PWA, Indian Irrigation projects completed and under construction,
will add about 10,000 acres of new irrigated land. Proposed PMA which will prob
ably be allowed in 1955 will add at least 2500 additional acres. PI Construction
of Day Schools completed and under construction, oight not community center or Day
School buildings with a capacity of 600 pupils. It is estimated that the irtiga
tion and construction departments have employed 400 men continuously during 1984,
The Soil Erosion Service have taken over the Cove Area and are supplying work for
from 40-60 men and teams..
During the past year 500 registered Ramboulette rams were supplied the
Navajos of this jurisdiction under reimbursable contracts. This makes about 1000
Ramboulettes which have been supplied during the past four years. Further breeding
stock has been supplied as follows: Ten jacks; 3 high grade stallions; 220 pure
bred Hereford bulls. Two hundred of these bulls were secured under Drouth Relief
purchase and will not be distributed until the spring of 1955.
It is realized that
the above numbers are not adequate to supply the needs of this jurisdiction but
limited funds have made it impossible to secure the desired amounts.
About 54,000 acres were added to the reservation in Utah.
The New Mexico
boundary bill, which failed to become law in the last session of Congress, will un
doubtedly pass this session. This Bill carried funds for the purchase of white
holdings within the Utah area. The Indians of this district have not been able
to utilize much of the range because of white settlers and it has been felt that
the wiser plan was to wait until these people could be removed peaceably rather than
to force the issue.
During the year 1938 stock reduction in the Navajo country has amounted
to over 300,000 head of sheep and goats. The Northern Navajo jurisdiction has con
tributed about 70,000 of this number. In addition to the number sold, due to the
Navajos' understanding that this reduction would be made, an excessive number of
goats and sheep were slaughtered for food. There is every reason to believe that
the next dipping record will show even a greater reduction than indicated by the
number sold.
The concerted efforts of all activities now operating in the Navajo
country, including the Soil Erosion Service, to conserve and revegetate the
range, it is felt that considerable progress is being made. Undoubtedly within
ghe very near future an effective range management and control plan will be put
into operation. With the aditional acreage available for farming, many Indians
now owing stock can be induced to take up farming as an occupation and it is be
lieved that these Indians will be willing to dispose of all of their range stock
in exchange for a farm of adequate size to support their families.
Section VI. Program for the Coming Year.
( a) Industrial Development:
The plans for complete reorganization of the Navajo country under
