Health and Sanitation: while the work on health and sanitation
is good many of the things outlined for will be difficult of
accomplishment in the Indian homes. Water is scarce; must in
many instances be hauled many miles. Larger hogans- more
rooms giving better air and privacy, screened windows, and
outdoor toilets are mentioned in the curriculum. It will, however,
be almost impossible for most of the Indians to secure the materie
al to make these improvements., Screened windows might be accom
plished at a minimum cost by the use of mosquito net.
Disposal of body wastes should be stressed; especially in epi
demics
. Wastes should be burned or buried where they cannot af
fect the water supply. If an outdoor toilet is used definite in
struction relative to its care should be given. If not proper
ly cared for it may prove a source of contagion,
Provision might be made for teachers to visit the homes of
the Indians and thus learn first hand of the living conditions
of their pupils.
Manual Training: It seems to me there should be provision made
for the boys as well as the girls to secure manual training.
Many of the children in my group are well beyond the age
for this level. In a class of thirty- two, twenty are thirteen
and above. Several are fifteen and over. Late entrance and a
low I.Q. are probably the chief causes of this retardation.
А
number have, seemingiy, reached a place where they can no longer
benefit much from classroinstruction
.
This opinion is sustained
by other teachers who have had them. These conditions exist,
so I am told, in at least one other class- room. Many of these
boys like to work with tools and show a real aptitude for thas
type of work. It seems to me there should be provision made
for them to do this type of work under a competent instructor.
Language
: Thesecchildren have difficulty with the forms of the
pronouns. It seems to me that mention should be made of this and
remedial work recorrmended
,
One of the objectives under written English is,
" To develop power to write independently
a few short, clear,
related sentences on a chosen topic." I would go farther and
say," To know that these constitute a paragraph: The child
should in this level, I think, be taught to recognize the para
graph and be able to give the central thought. He should be
made aware of margins and indentations,
