Health notinos among the rouarnation Indiana presunto a more
dirfioult prohla than dealing with the rohool children. The guetost
difficult of more and doctors io to educate the any from their
superstitious halles. La the field of reparation and religion,
the medioina man rules; he is the guiding hand in planting and har.
Testing thats eropo; 13 is he tho holds ceremonial dance, and sings
ho deries his people to have a white nodielne man dasar ho to his
hand, and when he tools sare of a fatlaro, ho huries his da.. to the
hospital or calls for a palo- fac. doctor to do what bo ona. It is con
coded by the best medical authority that 78 per cent of ek individuals
rooover without medication; of these, thro Tocoveries out of fou, the
medicine non base their olains of Fooss; the oth one- fourth, thay
usually got to the hospital or call a white dostar, the white dostar
usually losing from 25 per cent to 50 par ouat of thone cunos. The
medicine man, therefore, points disgustingly to the doctors' failea,
and leads these primitiv people to belien that it is due to the
doctor's medicine. The work among the rohool children is quite dirr
erent as they are attended to early in the development of the disease.
Vary few deaths occur nong the Navajo school children during the
school you. I niat stato hoce that there were 380 Wassermano takon
and 580 tuberculosi, testa medo in the past you. The rest of the
children were put on daily proptıylaotie treatments.
The Baster Manajo Hopital is a 32- bed hopital, having as
pensary or out- paticat sendoo. It was conducted of handmade blok
in 1918. It consists of one fomalo rand and two malo vande, with a
seroened- in porch for nele cases, maternity mard, one roca set aside
for a nursery, an operating roan, dispensary, and a kitchen. The
female ward has 9 bodo, mola wards and porok 20 beds, maternity ward
3 beds, nursery s children beds and tow bassinots.
The operating room is very poorly Ughted and contains only two
mall, high windows and painted peaol let in ono door. It i.
15' x 18', ad includes Maytag washing mobine, call me a
container for soiled unens free the mury, fow now steriliseks,
( 1 for dressinge, one for Lautruints, and two for water), an oper
ating table of the folding and told type, stool onbinet for droing
paakı ad instruments; da, • wooden cupboard for odds and madı.
The Witchen is equipped mall coal store, work talle, sondag
mnohtno, ad bailt- a cupboard for dishes and dry foods. The is
no dining room for convalesceat patients and no soparato room for
ruoando o Urary. The hospital has been operaronded on several
oocasions, and we have been forced to put the in tow of the boda la
order to run the otek shilar from the domestaria. Thi. hoopital
is built on the domed tory plan and is really nooded for that purpose
at the prescat time.
