care of body and prevention of diseases. Each teacher
inspects daily and is responsible for the general body
cleanliness. Time is devoted to the patching and care
of clothes, shoes, buttons, etc. The field nurse has
her office on the school grounds and each morning
the different teachers check the list for eye, Skin etc.
Treatment
All sick cases are reported immediately to her.
With the help of the housekeeper she helps in the
eradication of bugs, lice etc.
The undernourished children get milk daily--
the milk obtained from the dairy at Blackrock. Be
sides milk, a lunch is served in the afternoon.
The school garden provided vegetables until April
for the lunches.
The general health of the Zuni Day School pupils
has improved greatly within the last two years. The
list of underweights has decreased and the number of
transfers to the Sanatorium was greatly decreased.
At the opening of the school year only one transfer
was made. Throughout the year only seven transfers
were made. In previous years transfers were three
and four times as many.
Improvements
During the past year there were several improve
ments made at the Zuni Day School. New hard wood
floors were put in the four school rooms to replace
badly worn soft Wood oil soaked floors, which were
very difficult to keep clean because of the amount of
dirt tracked during the winter months when there is
so much mud in the dirt streets of the village.
Two small high windows in each school room were
lowered and made full length, thereby improving the
lighting, ventilation, and appearances of the school
rooms.
A stage was built in the auditorium, an improve
ment beneficial to all the schools for programs, and
for the community at large.
A new kitchen to prepare school lunches was built
during the year. It is an adobe building.
During the year pipes were placed and plans made
to put steam heat in the school building. Radiators
were bought for the school rooms and hall and the
power house enlarged. As no money was placed for
that purpose all material necessary nas not been
bought and the power house is not complete. No plan
for heating the auditorium nas been made.
