. 8-A blacksmith shop is being built at Sanos tee, whichwill be operated by Navajo workmen. If this proves profitable,other shops will be built on other parts of the reservation.B. Welfare and social Conditions.There is little hope that prices of wool and lambs willbe much higher for some time to come. It will, therefore, be necessary during the coming season to encourage the Indians to raise, storeand preserve everything possible in the way of food for next winter.This will apply as well to forage and grain for their stock.WObelieve that by community cooperation this will be possible.This reservation should have at least two more farmersto work with the Indians at Denehotso and in the Fruitland- KirtlandDistricts.It is our plan to improve housing conditions as muchas is possible by building more suitable houses and getting thonewho remain in hogans to put windows and doors in them. When it ispossible to do so, a carpenter should be furnished to help these peopleon the reservation with their building. Very often they get materialto build a house and through inexperience and lack of tools, muchof the material is wasted and the result is not at all satisfactory.It is the plan to encourage the Indians who build houses to also buildoutside toilets. They will also be encouraged to procure for themselvessome of the most essential household conveniences.All available influences will be brought to bear tosecure legal marriages. It is believed by using a careful checkingsystem that the native police can be educated to give their districtscloser supervision with respect to law and order. We plan toencourage chapter organizations to aid us by giving information concerning lawlessness in their districts and in settling minor disturbanceswhich should not be brought before the Indian Court. It is plannedto improve court procedure and records.This jurisdiction should be provided with funds tohire a special officer to handle liquor suppression and other casesdealing with Indians and non- reservation whites. It is impossible forthe regular force on liquor suppression to give a proper amount oftime to this work and with a man on the ground we are able to prohibit the introduction of liquor on the reservation that means theexpense of court action and the annoyance incidental thereto, whereit is known that no reservation officer is available.c. Agricultural Development.The plan for the coming year is to extend all irrigationprojects on the reservation to permit the use of increased acreage.This will include the repair and enlargement of main ditches, therepair of old headgates and the building of new ones, so that additional