stockman are located in the district in which they work, whilo tuo ofthem have headquarters at the Agency and must travel from fifty to onohundred milos from the se headquarters before reaching their field of work,It is very nocossary that fiold headquarters for those two mon, and alsosuch provision for any additional stoclomon au thorizod, bo provided atthe earliest possible da to. Each of those five field mon is furnishedwith a Tord coupo typo car with a pick- up body. This is very suitablefor their work.( a) The principal means of instruction given adult Indiansby farmers and stockmon is through the Chapter organizations which mooteach month. In addition to these monthly meetings, the officers of thethirty chapters hold a moeting at Agency headquarters every three months,at which time a two days sossion is hold. On these occasions we dovelopplans to aid in carrying out the general reservation program. Mattersrelating to all phases of interest are discussed by the division chiefsof my start, and are, in turn, discussed by the Indian representatives.Through these means we are able to put over a very definite and valuableeducational program.( b) Our Extension Division has been cooperating with theUnited States Department of Agriculture, and with the State AgriculturalCollege. During the past summer a four day range conference was holdat this Agency. This was attended by representa tives of the United StatesDepartment of Agriculture, State Agricultural colleges of Arizona, andof New Mexico, the National Forest Service, and various divisions of theIndian Service. More than seventy- five such representatives were inattendance, and, in addition there to, the Indian officers of the thirtyChapter organizations were present. Two days of this period were devotedto lectures and discussion, and the remaining two days to field work,which included range inspection, survey of agricultural possibilities, anda study of the problem of reforestation.A group of the senior girls at the Fort Defiance BoardingSchool completed a Four- H Sewing Club program, It is my opinion thatconditions in several communities of this jurisdiction justify the establishment of the position of Home Extension Agent for wanen. Withsuch personnel it would be possible to carry on valuable Club work affecting the young women in the camps; and also many of the older ones. TheIndian women often express their desire for such leadership, and there isno question but that their interests would be greatly advanced by suchmeans.18.A special endeavor is being made to introduce both winter wheatand winter rye. These crops have not been grown, but it is the opinion ofour Extension staff that much success might be attained in the growing ofthese crops. In order to provide supplemental feed for sheep and otheranimals, and also to relieve, to some extent, the overgrazed condition ofthe range, we are encouraging the Indians to grow various types of canecrops for forage. Much interest has been developed in this regard, andconsiderable accomplishment is expected.- 16-