0
Hopi 10.
50 to the new Ft. Wingate School and 25 to the Theodore
Roosevelt School. We will take in an additional 25 at the
Navajo School here. This will about clean them up. Our
aim is to vget every boy and girl of school age, whd is
eligible, in school this fiscal year. I believe we will
make it. The Indians prefer to have their children go
to school on the reserve and are continually begging and
fighting for proper school capacity to take care of all
their children up to the sixth grade on the reservation.
This is impobtent. They consistently right sending away
of pupils of any age, especially the small children.
b. We have little trouble with incorrigible students. We
had none last year. We do have trouble with deserters from
non- reservation schools, especially from Theodore Roose
velt school. We can not get these for there are so many.
0. Efforts are consistently made to help returned students
to work they want, but there are so many this year this
is impossible and there are many who want work who can
not get it. I find a greater number each year here without
work and I am urging the superintendents of non- reserva
tion schools to hold pupils getting them work in the
summer time on the outing.
8. We have regular outlines of instruction both in the
Navajo Boarding School and all the Day Schools. We follow
carefully the requiremnets of the Course of Study. We
still lack work benches and sand tables in the school rooms.
b. The books on the annual Estimate Blanks are fine for
our purpose. We do not have funds to get all those needed,
is our only trouble. We begged a nombor last schoolmterm
and got along this way very nicely, but we still need
more than our allotted funds will allow us to purchase.
9. We give special attention to Community and Industrial
Training in all our schools, with the end in view of
building up our Indian homes and communities. We have
been very successful in this respect. We are especially
proud of the friendship between the old Indians and the
schools, many of the old Indians coming to the schools,
staying all day and commenting favorably on our work,
thus unconsciously taking away with them all the good
influences of the schools to their homes.
10.. The Hopi Day School plants and the new Navajo School
plant are good as far as they go. With the addition of the
things mentioned above we will have first- class insti.
tutions, complete enough to do our work well and in
the most economical manner.
