1
1
( 22)
WAR:
The attitude of the Hopi Indians of the Reservation during
the Great War was, after they had absorbed some conception of it
through the expositions made by employees and the Superintendent,
one of astonishing lowalty and patriotism. The literature, blanke,
etc. necessary to a proper consideration of the First Liberty Loan
were not received in time to make an impression--- in fact too late
to enable the superintendent to open subscription lists and place
orders with banks. The matter of these bond sales required a
period of education, and propaganda of this sort cannot reach the
Indian through printed circulars. He has to be interes ted and
educated through harangues. After the First Loan, the first
indication of their loyalty was manifested through the deluge
of contributions of basketry, pottery, etc. for the Interior
· Department Bazaar. At least$ 700 worth of curios, ranging from
the ten cent piece to that valued at several dollars, went forward
in the mails to Washington. All during the War this was followed
by rather extraordinary contributions to charities and especially
the RED CROSS. One drive for the Red Cross netted from Indians
and whites, as per districts, the following:
Keams Canon,
Polacoa
,
Oraibi and Bacabi,
$ 117.00
147.82
188.61
453.42
Complete da ta as to their subscriptions to charities conducted
through the missions is not at hand.
The Thrift Stamp campaign showed that for a number of months
post- offices at Hopi me 888 were selling stamps at the rate of
one hundred and more dollars monthly.
The Registration of the Hopi, which was thorough and not
opposed in the least degree, was a pleasure when contrasted with
the same effort( made once and once only) among the Nava jo.
These various war activities gave frequent opportunity to
expound the sales of War Bonds; and after the flat failure of
the First Loan, owing to lack of information and time, the
superintendent conducted a bond selling campaign at each Hopi
mega for each loan. The results follow:
SECOND LOAN: Indian subscribers, 38 No.
THIRD LOAN:
49 No.
FOURTH LOAN:
38 No.
Total Indian subscribers 125
$ 2,700.
3,450.
4,100.
n
10,250.
of these Indians 121 were HOPI and 4 Navajo.
These subscribers
included a number of Indian employees.
