ORIGINALRECEIVEDDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORUNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICESEP6 1916OFFICE OF 10Annual ReportKOMFotpp Indian school AgOHEJ1916.Loupp, Arizona,SEP6-1916NA RRATIVESection 1.---- Law and Order.1. The Office is in one end of the Commissary Building and isentirely inadequato and also takes up room that is badiy needed forthe storage of supplios. The Blasksmith Shop- partly agency andpartly school- is not big enough and is not supplied with efficientmachinery. There is always a lot of work of the Indians waiting tobe done and as they pay in money or labot for their work there shouldprovision made for its prompt execution. There is still only oneFar mer stationed among the Indians and he is in the extreme easternend of a jurisdiction 120 miles long. There is no possibility ofhas handling anything but his immediate vicinity. Two other stationsshould be so placed as to reach the rest of the long jurisdiction,2. One Farmer stationed among 1400 to 1600 Indians scattered overa 160 mil. long territory is of course entirely inadequate. Twofar mers are paid from the fund for Industrial Work but one has beenlocated at this school occupying school quarters and in no waydoing the work among the Indians he has been paid for except oddjobs. Unless quarters can be provided a mong the Indians he is paidto work a mong it is best not to authorize the employe, as the Superintendent is constantly called on for facts and data he cannot furnish, and is criticized for not doing the impossible,3. Ha ve no difficulty in maintaining order among the se Na va jos.One Indian belonging on another reservation brought a bottle of somekind of liquor on the reservation and I put him in the Guard Houseand kept him at hard Labor for two months and I have had no troublesince. I could not make a case against him for the courts as therewas no evidence. It had been totally destroyed,4. The Navajo keep up their old dances and sings but not so enthusiastically as of old, Education and nothing else but force willstop their superstitious practices. Schools and more and more schoolsare needed. The children and returned students at tend the dancesand take part in them freely all over the Navajo country. They donot however enthuse as the old Indians do.5. The Navajo still follow out their old custom of having more thanone wife in a minority of cases. They also follow their custom inregard to divorse. Many are now ma rried according to the laws of theState, but separations are usually without regard to State La. w nomatter how mar ried. I have married six couples and always advisethe Indians to comply with the State Laws. Although not living on