IN
ne Santa Fe Indian School Board
Perry Martinez, President
San Ildefonso Pueblo
( Northern Pueblos)
Margie Dishta
Zuni Pueblo
( Southern Pueblos)
Stanley Tafoya, Vice President
Santa Clara Pueblo
( At- Large Member)
Raymond Gachupin
Jemez Pueblo
( Middle Rio Grande Pueblos)
Heather Townsend, Secretary
San Felipe/ Zuni Pueblo
( Middle Rio Grande Pueblos)
Gregory Jojola
Laguna/ Isleta Pueblo
( Southern Pueblos)
Rena Oyenque Salazar
San Juan Pueblo
( Northern Pueblos)
As part of the family of the Santa Fe Indian School, it was an honor being appointed to the School Board by the Governors of
the Eight Northern Indian Pueblos and most of all it is a pleasure serving you as President of the School Board. We, the board
would like to thank you the students, administrative staff and faculty of Santa Fe Indian School for allowing us the pleasure and
privilege of being a part of your family.
We have watched with pride, your accomplishments and progress. Santa Fe Indian School has become an institution known for
its high academics, in past years receiving the Bill Gates Millennium Scholarships; and strong athletics, elevating from Class AA
to Class AAA into a higher level of competition, being cross country team runner- up in State AAA, the Girls Basketball Team
winning the State Championship their first year in Class AAA, and this year, both the boys and girls basketball teams qualifying
for state tournaments.
As you venture into the world, take with you the lessons learned, the friendships made and the future of your families and
cultures. Many of you have grown to young adults here at Santa Fe Indian School and the faculty here has provided guidance
and advice, take with you all that has been shared with you and taught to you. In turn, share and teach others.
Our forefathers have been fighting a battle for hundreds of years to protect our culture, language and customs, our way of life.
Remember as you continue your journey in life, the sky' s the limit; anything is possible, once you set your mind to it. Never
forget who you are and where you come from and most important, do not forget your people.
Continue to learn as much as you can, education is the key. Bring the education, knowledge, and skills home to help protect
your people. You, the students of Santa Fe Indian School, have become and will continue to be a force to contend with. You
are Santa Fe Indian School... our past, our present, and our future. A future we can all be very proud of.
Perry Martinez, President
Santa Fe Indian School Board
56
