an Early Christmas Presentfor All the Good Little Girls and BoysANNOUNCEMENTDECEMBER 14, 1989SUPERINTENDENT' S OFFICEAs you are aware, we have a significant number of staff and students absent this week because of sickness. Inthe interests of our Santa Fe Indian School community' s welfare and to prevent further complications, the winter breakwill begin this Friday, December 15th at 3: 30 p. m. instead of Friday, December 22nd. Students will be transported homein an orderly fashion beginning, today through Friday and Saturday. Busses for Day students will not run Friday,December 15, 1989 of this week.We are in the process of notifying the Governors and parents of this decision which has the concurrence of thePublic Health Service. The School Board will be asked to alter the school calender for second semester to meet our 180days minimum standards.We are initiating this plan on medical advice that the number of staff and students who are ill will probablyincrease before there is a significant decline.Classes will resume on the regular schedule of Monday, January 8, 1990 at 8: 00 a. m. and dormitories will beopen on Sunday, January 7th at 1: 00 p. m. I appreciate your cooperation in this matter and hope you will take some timeto relax, reflect and be ready to go for the coming New Year.a Blessing in Disguise“ Mom, I' m coming home! Pick me up at the Albuquerque at 11: 06 a. m. and arrived in Greenairport tomorrow. ” This was part of a con Bay, Wisconsin, at 4: 30 p. m. Since sleep seems toversation I had with myspeed up time, I sleptmom on Thursday, Dethrough most of the fourcember 14, 1989, afterhour flight. When I arrivedschool had been cancelledat the Green Bay airport, myfor a week due to a flufamily and a few close friendsepidemic.Little did she know that while at school,were there to greet me. MyWhen I heard the rumy thoughts were always about home andmom cried and said,mor about an early reI felt as though I had never left.“ Welcome home daughter. ”lease, I thought it was— Denise DonleyLittle did she know thatsome sort of cruel joke bewhile at school, my thoughtscause there was no waywere always about home andthat school officials wouldI felt as though I had neverapprove of an early Christleft.mas break. When I readthe Superintendent ’ s announcement confirming the rumor, I was awestruck! What a blessingin disguise. I was going back to Wisconsin earlier than planned. I hadn' t been home for sixmonths.My flight left on Friday, December 15, from38