Annual ReportLaw& Order- 9Santa FeSchoolnot legally prohibit the transportation of liquor into Espanolaand similar settlements located with in the boundaries of thePueblo Indian lands, which in his opinion did not come withinthe purview of the statute. Aside from his attitude with regardto the application of statutes prohibiting introduction to Es.panola and similar settlements, Mr. Davis expressed himself asof the opinion that we could proceed under the respective Federalstatutes in the protection of Indian lands from trespass and inthe prosecution of the furnishing of liquor to the Pueblo India nsand introduction of liquor on their lands. In reply to my request,for his assistance in the injunction proceedings, Mr. Davisstated that he was presenting his opinion in the matter to theAttorney General, and that he would not appear in the case with.out definite instructions from the Department of Justice. Subsequently I was informed by the Office that Mr. Davis had beeninstruc ted by the Attorney General to assist in our defense, andI am informed by Mr. Wilson that Mr. Davis has tendered hisservices to assist in the case,The question at issue in the Espanola in junction proceedings involves so many points of vital importance in theapplication of the Federal Atatutes to the lands of the PuebloIndians that both Mr. Wilson and I have felt from the firstthat the court should be called upon to render a decision onthese points, which to our knowledge have never been adjudicatedEspanola is not an incorporated village. Many of thetitles, to the best of our information and belief, have beenacquired through adversion, Our contention being that the set.tlement is gridironed with tracts to which Indian title has notbeen extinguished, It seemed important and desirable that thecourts should pass on whether Espanola and similar settlementslocated within the boundaries of Pueblo Indian grants and antirely surrounded by Pueblo' lands, are Indian country. To thebest of our knowledge and belief, these settlements are grid.ironed with tracts of land to which Indian title has not beenextinguished, and our contention is that in consequence ofthis fact, these settlements are Indian country with in themean.ing and intent of the statute. We know that unless we can prevail in this contention we cannot prohibit the introduction ofliquor into Espanola and settlements 8 im1 larly located in thevery heart of the Indian country, and therefore cannot hope to