( 2)Industries( continued)Hopi Indian Agency( €) They always save their best seed for the ensuing season.thing( 8) We have no green house or nursery and it would be a fineif we did have one here.( h) The Hopis have a special way of treating their own seed, especially corn. They keep this more or less& secret. Their seed always seemsto be good.We do not have any allotted land on the reservation. More Indians each yearare taking up unallotted lands suitable for agricultural plats and increasingthe agricultural areas. Very few of these Indians do not make an effortofself- supporting. All of them are self- supporting, except a few who are oldand indigent or helpless through illness or affliction.affliction.Since coming here, I have been picking up farm equipment, implements, etc.from surplus stores from here and there over the Indian Service. I succeededin getting a number of oultivators, he rrows, plows, etc., which the IndianOffice has allowed me to issue to the Indians. These have been very helpfulto the Indians and I believe they appreciate this help for it has added to theincentives to greater agricultural areas. I wish we could get more such implements for these people are generally too poor to purchase them.( a) These Indians have always made proper use of stock and equipmentfurnished through reimbursable funds. They would rather buy though with theirown funds and purchase stock as they wish and as their judgment dictates.( b) We have only used the reimbursable funds for wagons and balls,and the wagons were used for freighting. They have been very helpful to theseIndians and have allowed them to earn a great deal of freighting money. Thebulls have all practically been paid for and have increased the quality ofther cattle.( c) These Indians are not provided with suitagle work teams. Weare getting them to di soard the r ponies and to purchase mules which are adaptedto their use. A great many Indians are following our advice along the se lines.Some of the best Indians have very good teams.Where Indians take up agricultural plats to put into garden truck, corn,etc., they should be fenced to prevent stock from destroying the crops. Theydo not have money to do this with as a rule and everybody believes, who tisitsthis country and sees this condition, that the Government should provide fundsfor this propose in order to stop the continual trouble between the stockmenand farmers and to a lso prevent the vast loss to the se Indians every yearthrough damage by stock. One of the greatest things that would come to theseIndians would be help a long these lines so that they could keep their cropfenced, prevent this large yearly damage and loss, which not only means a