Seniors
Patrick J. Cate San Felipe
These are my last words hopefully. Just wanted to say later
to everyone and my friends and other people that I know.
Six years at this school isn' t long enough and it has come
to an end so quick. Those who have been here since the
beginning know what I mean and its been a long hard tough
ride for everyone at some point. So these are my last words
and I wanted to say goodbye to everyone as we go our
separate ways like to college or the military or work or
whatever you choose. So long farewell and seniors we are
out of this piece and starting our lives as adults and old
people. CLASS OF 2009!!!
Glenn Chalan Cochiti
Ello Classmates! It' s about darn time isn' t it! Especially for us
who have been here since 7th grade. Well we did it and I just
want to thank my entire family. You' ve always been there to
help me through many different problems and i just wanted to
say thank you. To all my homies I want to say thanks for all
the good times and memories. I won' t say names
but... coughNormacough! HAHA just messn. Anyway Garrett
dude I' ll see ya there. And Rose you poor soul. May god help
you in your travels through life Make sure you wear your
helmet. Well that' s it folks. Again I want to say thanks to
Everyone. Alrighty then
I' m outty.
Papa EchoAlphaCharlie Echo!
James Chavarillo" Lil James" Isleta/ San Felipe
First of all I would like to recognize my friends: CJ, Dennis, J- Nar, Rock,
Bear, Joe, Jordan D., Keiffer, Uriah, D- Web, Polk, Pat, Ray, Gina,
April, Norma, Natalie, Cory, Lawrence, and to Luwanna sorry girl, it
would of never worked out. And to Kev that white boy who transfered. All
of these people I would like to thank for making school worth coming for. I
have enjoyed the laughs and bad times we have spent at the pit. Yes we
made it this far in life and now it' s time for the next step, get a job, have
kids, get married, or just chill with mom and dad. But I hope that all of you
continue your adventure and just live good lives. P. S." Cause I ain' t
wearing hockey pads." 2009 Duhhh
Bradley Silva MIT Laguna/ San Ildefonso Pueblo
Well howdy doo! Class of 2009 we finally outta here!!!!!! First of all I would like to
thank my Niyaa( Patsy) for all that you' ve done for me, I know we had our share
of ups and downs but I know it was only be- cuz you cared about me. Thanks
mommy I love you! And to Cee and Dor, Aya I' m gonna miss you two very much
thanx for all the gud memories we' ve shared KUNDA- WA- HA! And to IIDY,
TA ’ DEZZ, MUTTIN Stew, and SAM WAI... DAM we did it guys! I love you all
very much, Thanks for always being gud to me, and thanx for the CRAZY crazy
memories... lol dey were the ishhhhhh! And to the rest of the homies LACE, Eya
Baby Lu- Wu, NORMA, Cupcake, Vern R, Katty k, Saya Chris, Miss Dove, Dr
dre, Lysaa baby, Oh Hedi, Mr. Bird, Scotty boi, Jeremy K, Yoneee. Cosmo
Beans, I will always remember all the crazy times we shared together thanx! Its
ya ’ ll that made SFIS home away from home, I love ya' ll lyk my own blood:) lyk
SILVA always said we are all brothers and sisters. And to homegurl Gene
Gunzales hehe I' m going to miss u.....! And to the class of 2009 please take care of
yourselves and each other as we did here at SFIS. Thanks guys Peace and Love in
whatever u plan to do in life... I' m outta Hereee!!!
One Love, B- Rad Silva
roc
" IMIT
16
