GIRLS LIVING QUARTERS There are two buildings providing homes for our girls- Thk senior
girls live at Lomaki and the junior girls together with some tenth
grade girls live in the junior building.
Among the many happy mempries we are taking with us from our home
on the campus are the events during the holidays, the Christmas Eve late
dupper in the Senior building and the Christmas Puffet Supper followed
by dancing end games,
. The girls enjoy heme life and spen their free time doing such things
as playing games, listening to the radio, working on their screp books,
arranging photo albums, etc. We learn to live together and get along with
people. We learn to share responsibilities as well as pleasures that go
to make a home.
CALHOUN LODGE
Malhoun Lodge is the home of the boys at the Santa Fe Indian School.
The building is of Spanish Architecture and will house between 200 and
225 boys. comfortablyar."
The rooms in most cases accommodate 2 or 3 boys. Egch boy has his
own elothes closet and study table.
Regular House Meetings were held through out the year. M. Schlosser,
Prineipal, Father Eusebius, Mr. Pisano, Chairman of the All Pueblo Council
and Mr. Montoya fanm Albuquerque gave interesting and educational talks to
the boys at different meetings. A reception was held iin the Living Room
für Mr. Pisano and Mr. and Mrs. Montoya of Albuquerque. The boys had a
Christmas party Gifts were exchanged, songs sung, etc.
One of the building activities was the Pep band which was organized
In October Practices webe held in the building during the noon hour aand
of an evening. The band enterrained at the basketball games and on several
other occasions for the public and student body.
the boys had a opportunity to see many good films through the visual
educatior: program. Table manners, etiquette in general, health, trade
dindings etc.
There was a total of 215 boys who lived in Calhoun Lodge during the
last year, I addition to the 8 veterans who weee taking training on our
campus, two students attending S. Michaels College and 15 boys attending
schools in Santa Fe
Building personnert
Ur, Ray Dc Schelnost? Boys' Avisor
Mr. Lofa Hay
Asst, Boys'' Avisor
Mr. Ross Haskie
Asst. Boys' Advisor
Mrs. Ross Haskie House Mother
OUR STUDENT COUNCIL
Our student council is set up te encourage participation of students
in the government of their own affairs and to promote good citizenship,
responsibility and leadership. The student council assistts in promoting
rthe welfare of the school and the students and has the power to consider.
advise upon, and make recommendations concerning their welfare.
The council is advised by ourprinciapl, Mrs. Edith C aig and by eur
faculty sponsor, M196 Wilma Ferguson.
GIRL SCOUTS
We have two girl scout troops on our campus, The senior girl scout
organization ha s eleven members. Its officers are President, Laura Ray
Secrebary, Grace Sanchez; Treasurer, Lucy Avile;
We have thirteen members in the Junior troop under the leadership of
Mrs. Bender and Mrs. Hendricks. The officers are; Sammy B eames. Pres.
Betty Schlosser, Vice President, and Pasqualita Cruz, Secretary and T, eas.
A tea at the Governors Mansion was an outstanding event of the year.
31.
