UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
Indian Census Roll
Supplementary Report OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS
&
FIELD SERVICE
Statistical Reprort
1934
Eastern Navajo Agenoy,
Crownpoint, N. Mex
May 29, 1934
صور
Learl
Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C.
JUN
:
1934
AECEIVED
Dear Sir:
Enclosed herewith pages 18 to 22 inolusive( in duplicate) of
the Annual Statistical Report dealing with population.
The 1934
Indian Census Roll together with the supplementary Report to the
1934 Census is being forwarded to the Office under separate cover.
The Census Roll has only two errors on the numerical side
this year, being as follows:
Page No. 128----
-1 error-- minus 1 from total.
No. 222----
--1
1
The total Indian Population of the Eastern Nava jo Jurisdiction
as recorded up to April i, 1934 is 8239, an increase over the 1933
report of 360 Net, this includes the re- enumeration of the Danoff
Navajos under this jurisdiction, which were for me rly under the
Sou thorn Navajo Jurisdiction at Fort Defiance, Arizona. Total
Nava jos enumera ted at Danoff were 292.
The Office will note that there are only 7 births listed
during the current year from April 1, 1933 to March 31, 1934, and
by way of explanation of this we must advise that the ſtookmon,
who enumerated new births and record deaths in the field have been
swamped with other duties during the past year and it was impossible
to give their time to their regular routine work of the agency, the
main reason being that much of their time is spent in connection
with the Indian ECW work. We hope to show a more accurate report
of current births and deaths next year, if our Stookmen aren't
so busy with other work outside of their regular duties. We feel
gratified, however, in that the office end of these reports, includ
ing statistics and census roll, etc., are finished ahead of schedule
which require from six weeks to two months steady work by the Ass't
Clerk who has this assignment.
Respectfully submitted,
S: 7. Stacher
S. F. Stacher
, Supt.
MDL. Enols.
