In Indian life and religion pursuit and pleasure had
their gods and goddesses, as; one for planting, one for
weaving, one for the pottery, the hunter, or the warrior,
and those deities had genuine interest in the worker,
helping where help was needed and disciplining where work
was slighted. The god of the hunt was teacher and leader
in the munt; the one of weaving excelled in that art. The
cloud people, the corn maidens, and others
innumerable were guides and directors of
Gods and
crafts and ceremonies. Those who worked
Goddesses
sought approval of their gods by the excel
lence of their product. Fortunately the
best products of their arts were for their
Own enjoyment rather than for exchange, thus giving school
and association for the youth of the home or village. It
is remarkable and indeed quite unbelievable how general
artistic ability shows itself in student bodies assembled
in the schools. The boarding school located in the ancient
city of Santa Fe is surrounded by Indian groups whose art,
culture, traditions and ceremony survive association with
the white people and have much to offer with little en
couragement, and the student body individually and col
lectively show interest in the native arts and crafts.
The Pueblos have been described, mapped, painted, and
photographed until nothing new can be given, save what they
alone may give. Their long- seasoned beliefs and customs
centuries in the making, unravel slowly and will not change
by official order nor by decades in school, but only as
developed, by a small thread in a season. They have learned
certainly that the nomadic tribes depending on the hunt and
chase demanded immeasurable and indefensible areas, while
small valleys, cultivated in their way,
Use of
insured subsistence, strength, and perman
Resources
ency in settled communities, making arts
and crafts possible, Their life and tre
ditions prove, as our records do, that in
all civilization those who till the soil
are the most vigorous, the most independent, and are tied to
their country by the strongest bonds. So long as the Pueblos
have opportunity from the better use and development of their
land holdings their transfer to other industries will be of
the few rather than the many. When their number becomes too
large for their possible production, supplemented by their
arts and crafts, then is the time ripe for other avenues of
endeavor. The Pueblos are now and have been for centuries,
relatively more dependent on agriculture than any other
people of the continent, and related activities should re
ceive correspondingly larger part in school life. Much they
12
