- 6-
Industries, continued
Farm Chapters were organized last year and good work accom
plished in securing competition and improving farm methods in
this manner. However, a certain amount or friction arose between
the officers of the Pueblo and the officers of the Farm Chapters
so no organization was effected this year but the work was con
tinued, using the Tenientes of the district-- this being the name
of the officer selected by the High Priests. This plan was found
quite satisfactory and the friction of last year was avoided.
There are attached photos showing the numbers of the farm chap
ters at Tekapo and Caliente, two of the outlying districts. These
organizations have been used not only for better farming methods
but thru them road work is done, better methods in handling their
Ilocks and marketing their products and in assisting in the de
velopment of water for irrigation projects in the district are
found. The Agricultural Agent cooperates with us in farm and
stock work, and has been very helpful in suggesting new and bet
ter methods for our work. Boys and Girls' Clubs have been organ
ized as follows: At the Sane torium School, a Sevwing Club; at the
Day School, a Garden Club for boys and a Sewing Club for girls.
The teacher of Home Economics nas a Pottery Club under her super
vision.
As noted in a previous paragraph an errort is being made to
have these Indians sow hard winter wheat instead of soft spring
wheat, and the growing of potatoes on the districts adapted, is
being encouraged.
The greater part of the marketing of their products is done
through the Indian traders, three of whom are licensed here.
These Indians are good traders and secure good prices for their
products. Some sell their produce out of the Reservation as
there are several owning trucks, some haul to the railroad sta
tion at Gallup to market. The Indian traders are l' air in their
dealings with the Indians.
There is a small saw- mill at the Agency which is used for
getting out rough lumber for building purposes, both for the
Government and for the Indians, and for the sawing of bridge ma
terials for upkeep or bridges and culverts on the Reservation.
There are a number of ruins of former settlements on the
Zuni Reservation, the most noted or wnion, Ka wakei, has been part
