ANNUAL REPORT, 1922.
Page 2
NARRATIVE
Pueblo Bonito
that returned students who show good judgment and training
be appointed to the position of head man and it is hoped
that in time these young men will be the real leaders of
the Navaho tribe and will lead them away from superstitious
practices. Further I am arranging to place a photo of each head
man in a large frame in the office as a mark of service and
this has elicited more than passing interest.
Recently we had occasion to try a case in which one of
the head men was accused of causing a woman to leave her husband
and live with him, three other head men acted as judges, he
admitted he had done wrong, the judges and father of the
accused said it was a disgrace and that he should be punished
that he should not be head man and that his commission
be taken
away from him, they wanted him fined$ 150. and placed in
jail for a month. He has about served his time and the
fine was reduced to$ 110. All the Indians said that a head
man to act the way he did should not be let off light. This
18 mentioned to show the spirit of the Indians, toward better
practice.
De net so a head man who wished the Superintendent
removed caused some stir among his neighbors but came in since
the visit of Commissioner Burke he came in and said that
he understood better what the Department was trying to do
to help the range situation and expressed himself that he
would more in accord with the Superindent in the future, which
if he does will be gratifying
.
The liquor traffic during the past year has fallen. off
chiefly on account of the high price demanded by the makers
of home bren. It was reported that Mexicans over in the
Cabezon Country were trying to work up a trade among the Indians
in the sale of their stuff but have nothing tangible that
would yet justify taking any case into court as it is hard to
get evidence that would convict, any offender. Complete
prohibition perhaps will never obtain for there is always
some lexinans and white men who will never be above this
traffic and have no scruples against such practice.
