Section 4.
Narrative
Page 5
Pueblo Bonito School
Annual Report 1919
Industries.
As in.years before sheep growing continues to be
the mainstay of these pastural people, though some have an
excess of ponies, though quite a number died from the effects
of arought and hard winter. They own less stock at this time
cattle, horses, sheep and goats, and I am certain after our
dipping records are compiled and comparison made with the re
cords of former years that we show a considerable reduction in
number. The price for wool straight Navajoe coarse is twenty
five to thirty- three cents, though the improved wool which
runs to Merino and Rambouillett is bringing forty to forty- five
cents, as there is little demand for the coarse wool, it cannot
be expected that the price can be equal to that for which there
is demand. The development of water continues to be the subject
of utmost importance, and now that the war is over, everything
favorable to the building of more wells should be considered,
and funds provided for this purpose. The title and use of the
range on the public domain continues to be a source of worry,
and is anything but satisfactory
to the Indian stock grower, and
it is high time that this be definitely settled, and both white
and indian stockmen be protected in the use of their range. The
allotment
of 160 acres hag but little valve, except when con
sidered in connection
with other range surrounding
same, for
no one can make a living on 160 acres in this desert country.
The Government should either purchase all of the railroad lands
which are necessary for the welfare and prosperity for the Indians
au present and their future needs, or else a law be engcted which
wili permit a consolidation
of railroad lana in larger areas or
by townships, rather than alternate sections which is the present
plan. Practically
all of the railroad owned sections are leased
by the whites or indians, but this does not give protection
, as
no one can fence& township, for it would include Government land,
and under the law is not permissible
.
The epidemic
of Influenze
caused
the death of several
fathers
, leaving
wife and children
without
means of support
,
and practically
destitute
, ana your Office authorized
the pur
chase of$ 500.00 worth of supplies
for issue to those worthily
in need of help. Had it not been for a large pinion
nut crop
it would have been necessary
tà have furnished
supplies
to a
larger number of Indians, but many were able to help themselves
in the gathering
of these nuts which they sold for ten to twenty
cents per pound. The Indians along the railroad have cut and
