SEIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012To the class of 2012, I' d like to say congratulations, we made it! Yet our journey has just begun.Every single one of us still has many experiences waiting for us in the future. I would like to wish eachand every one of you good luck as we take our steps out of SFIS to start our independent lives.Now I would like to address some special thank yous to the people who have helped and supported me throughout my four years here at SFIS and they are: my mother Charlene, my grandmaHuberta, and my great grandpa Clarence for being the wonderful, loving, caring people that they are,for making every opportunity I' ve had thus far possible, and for supporting me and every decisionI' ve made in my life. Then there are the wonderful friends that can never be replaced and will alwaysbe remembered for their unique personalities. They are: Jasmine F, Sylvia C, Karesten L, Evonne W,Alex G, Justine B, Isaac G, Demetri L, Dylan L, and Patrick V. I thank you crazy kids for all the moments that are always going to be cherished. I' d also like to thank my best friend/ boyfriend Mckenzie for always being there, being understanding,and just for the all around support and respect. Lastly, I' d like to thank all the teachers for helping me and educating mein every possible way.nI thank each and every one of you for everything. You all have made some kind of difference in my life. Ho dot' noansamo aw. ichema!( I love you all)-Kayla LesarllylaComCongrats, my Seniors!! We did it!! To my parents, thank you for everything!! And I do meaneverything. You have helped me throughout my school career. Thank you and I love you both. Tomy siblings, especially my little “ Double Mint Twin ” Kerry, I love you and I will continue to be herefor you all. To my friends, thanks for the best times here at school. I will cherish them for life. To thewonderful staff, thank you so much for helping me to graduate from this excellent school. To myhoney Santiago, thank you for all the love and support you and your wonderful family have given me.I love you. Last but not least, to my world, we did it Vinaya Calissa!! “ Love you aw my heart... ” youmade my life complete and gave me the motivation I needed to graduate!!! Thank you to everyone!!- Kelly LewisCongrats 2012! I want to first thank my parents for bringing me to school, loving me and supporting me through every activity I did. To my lovely grandparents from the North and South, thank youfor spoiling me, and even putting up with me. My lovely twin sister and niece, much is appreciatedfor the push you gave me to get me here. To my other siblings, thank you for pushing me aroundto make me stronger. To Ross, thank you for all you have done for me to help me get where I amtoday. I am thankful and blessed for all of you. To my roommate Hallie, my dorm sisters, Rainy, Shaq,Marissa, and Sal, thanks for all the memories and wild times! To my SHP partner Josh, we did it! Mymain seniors Irvin, “ The Concha Crew," Dylan, Jeff, Mystri, Lois, Trish, Nish, Hannah, and Heather, thefreshman Kuein( R' ey ’ kya), Xavier( sha ’ uts) and Masewa, thank you for all the laughs and the crazy,happy, and sad memories. I will cherish them forever. 2k12 continue to be the best you can be, andnever give up!Kerry LewisWell seniors we did it!! It is time to start our lives in the real world now. I' d like to thankall of my teachers for helping me through the years I' ve been here. Mama Lois and Vic thanks foreverything, you made my last year fun. I' m going to miss the both of you. Rainy, Alex, Jesse, Abby,Dyl, JayBee, and Evonne, thanks for all the laughs and I wish the best for you in the future. Danielleand Summer, you made cross country and track fun. Tear it up next year!! To all my other friendsstrive for the best and never give up. To my babe, thank you for all your support, and thanks forbeing there for me through all the ups and downs. Couldn' t ask for anything better, I love you. Lastbut not least I would like to thank my Mother for everything you have done for me and for all of theendless talks you gave me. I love you. If it weren' t for you I don' t know what I would' ve done. Myfamily thanks for all of your support in everything I did. I love you all. Well CONGRATS Seniors! Classof 2012!jeverSherice Lucero2011- 2012 91