# 3
of the materials on hand and this has resulted in different
classes in the same school having different series of text books.
However, these texts practically all contain similar material,
and it is possible to cover the work outlined by the course of
study even where different books have to be used in the same
school.
Industrial work has been carried out largely along the
lines indicated by Circulars from the Indian Office and sent
out by the Supervisor of Elementary Education. This has been
much more satisfactory than the idea of trying to have manual
training in the day schools, where there was no equipment and
where the teachers were not prepared to do that type of work.
Some of our schools, where the children are of proper age, have
been enrolled in 4- H club work. We have sewing clubs for girls,
rabbit clubs and handicraft clubs for boys, and in one or two
places cooking clubs have been doing excellent work. Home
gardens have been encouraged and very small projects have been
carried on by the teachers, even with the beginning children in
raising flowers and early vegetables. We have permission from
the State Extension Department to organize standard 4- H clubs in
pottery, and we hope to have some work of this kind done during
the present school year.
As has already been stated, our schools are generally in
need of more and better equipment to make the living conditions
of the teachers at these isolated points more comfortable,
Employees have proved themselves, almost without exception,
to be loyal to the Indian Service, and generally speaking, effi
cient. They have cooperated fully in the work required of them
for the year. With the acquisition of more and better equipment,
accomodations for employees will be greatly improved..
Relationships existing between the schools of this jurisdict
ion and the public schools of the district are very satisfactory.
Our day schools have brought to the people of the various
villages a more workable knowledge of the English language and a
better understanding of our customs. Our teachers have done
excellent community work among the inhabitants of the pueblos,
and in most cases the people of the pueblos have cooperated fully
with the teachers and other school officials. Probably the most
outstanding accomplishment of the year has been the great amount
of work done along the line of life experiences of the pupils.
This has proved a fertile field for the use of more and better
English composition.
There does not appear to be any racial feeling among the
Pueblo Indians. These people mingle freely with their neighbors
wherever they are located in the state, and seem to be on satis
