( 17)
children, and unless some consideration is given this matter
in the near future we may orpoot to have aneducated and
uncivilized Nava joes to care for in the year 2,000.
This is simply offered rospectfully as food for thought.
It is the condition on the Moqui Indian Reservation.
On
the other large and wholly Navajo reserves the condition is
worse.
There are no mission, contract or public schools within reach
of any of these people. The nearest points of civilization,
not under Government agencies, are
Gallup, N. M.( where the whiskey comes from) 105 miles
distant from Moqui Agency;
Holbrook, Arizona,
85
Winslow
75
Flagstaff,
100
n
W
n
And by far the larger part of the Moqui Reservation is north
of the Moqui Agency, removing the school population even
farther from these points.
For needs of the Moqui Boarding School( closed) at Keams Canon,
Arizona, and of the Moqui Day Schools( five), please consider
the report of Supervisor Lipps, dated October 13, 1917, made
after a thorough consideration of this matter with the
Superintendent. Mr. Lipps also makes recommendation as to
placing facilities on the reserve to accommodate a part of
the Navajo children who are at present utterly neglected.
With respect to the expenditures of the Moqui Schools,
I am informed by Supervisor Lipps, and was previously informed
in the Indian office by Chief of Education Division Garber,
that the Moqui Day Schools were conducted as cheaply as any
of the Indian Schools. Replying to a report of Supervising
Superintendent Perry's& computation was submitted, dated
June 15, 1917, showing the general undatisfactory conditions
with respect to the schools-- in matter of uneven salaries,
apportionments, etc. etc. Supervisor Lipps report of October
13, 1917 supports my statements in these matters.
The playground apparatus has been erected at all schools
save one, and will be completed there( Hotevilla) shortly.
Fifty per cent of vacancies in the Agency employes for the
larger part of the year caused the delay in this matter.
Considering the isolation of this reservation, and the
fact that there would seem to be( at present) nothing to
