-,- 7-OB. The Use of Lands.There are three hundred thirty- nine thousand two hundredtwenty acres of timber land on the Northern Navajo Reservation. Alarge portion of this area is covered with scrub cedar and pinonpine. There is a sufficient amount of native pine to take care of theneeds of the reservation. This is being cut by the agency sammill atthe rate of about two hundred fifty thousand board feet per year.During the past year slightly over three hundred thousand foot wassawed at the sawmill.Over fifty- five hundred acres of irrigated land was farmedby Indians during the past season. This spring the amount was increased by nearly one- third and farming operations over last yearwas an increase of nearly eighteen hundred acres over the previousyear. The use made by the Navajos of Indian lands susceptible to agriculture encourages me to believe that one of our greatest opportunities in bringing about much better economical conditions on this jurisdiction is the reclamation of all land which is susceptible to agricultural use. On this land the following crops were raised alfalfa,corn, wheat, oats, beans, grain, hay, fruit, garden vegetables, andconsiderable pasture. No land within the boundaries of the reservationis allotted.There are twenty- six allottments on public domain in southeastern Utah. During the past year sixty- five Navajos living in Utahhave arranged to file on six hundred forty acre grazing allottmentson public domain. This filing was held up by a letter from the IndianOffice under date of December 17, 1931 and the agreement reached withpeople of Utah on July 16, 1932 will make it unnecessary for this planto be carried out in that the area covering these claims will be addedto this jurisdiction. There have been no land sales or leases madeduring the past year.IV. Health.As noted in my introductory remarks, the matters of healthare being taken care of by three doctors, six graduate nurses and onefield nurse. This force is supplemented by two field nurses stationedhere by the Eastern Defense Association.The facilities for taking care of Navajos needing hospitalization are inadequate. Most of the time the hospitals are filled tocapacity and it is necessary to turn away patients who really shouldbe entered. The amount of surgery done in the Shiprock hospital showsconclusively that with adequate facilities the Indians would soon turnfrom the medicine man, who now has a very strong hold, to the help whichcan be given them by Government doctors in the agency hospital. Thereis a serious need for an ambulance, to be used in transporting patientsto the hospital and in transferring patients from one hospital to theother. This will be considered in next year's budget.The medicine man on the reservation is not only a menace to thehealth of the Navajos but from an economic standpoint his activitiesare anything by commendable. Unlike the white doctor he collects hisfees in advance and very often a well person who has property is ap