1-7Industries.It is suggested that the government send in some man to lookover the situation and then recommend new crops which mightbenefit these people. This action would especially help theNavajos. We need quite a bit of help along this line.The trading posts of this reservation take everything theIndians will offer for sale and usually give good prices. Iknow of nothing the Indians want to sell that they cannot sellat these places. They usually get very good prices for everythingthey sell. It is seldom that an Indian leaves the reservation toget rid of anything he wishes to sell or trade. I believe thesetrading posts are a big help to these Indians. Our traders arean exceptionally good class of men. Most of them cooperate veryfully with this agency in an effort to carry out the plans ofthe Indian Office and to assist the Indians to progress. Someof them even purchase seed and stock which they issue gratusto the Indians.No saw mill is operated on this reservation. We have nomerchantable timber on the reservation. We have plenty of woodfor the use of camp fires.We do haveWe have no cliff dwellings on this reservation.many old Hopi ruins on the reservation.The Indian fairs are held for the benefit of the Indians.A number of the Indians exhibit at the county and state fairs withconsiderable success.We have no celebrations among the Indians. AS& usual thingour Indians go to nearby places on the railroad to celebratethe white man's way. Their celebrations are confined to dancesand ceremonies.I do not believe that celebrations or fairs should be encouraged among these people on account of so much time being usedin their pagan ceremonies and religious demands. We have toomuch of that now. We are trying to cut out a good deal of thisdancing and ceremonial stuff by having more community meetings.These Indians have the run of the entire reservation for thegrazing of their herds and the stock is all mixed up and grazeany place. They have no land designated as tribal land. EachIndian has a special brand registered in the county and his stockruns on the reservation either herded or free. All this Indianstock is supposed to be branded for proper identification incase of sale or damage.