Navajo Agency.
-3
வி'11
/
brugg
na
ok Warulda
the horses are as poor a lot of horses as I have ever seen at any
agency, there is not a fair pair of driving horses in the lot, most
of them are used up and are unsound, several of them are blaky, and
cannot be worked, they will not always draw two persons up hill in
a buckboard, they cannot be trusted, they are not worth feeding, the
best pair I saw are those used by the school, the two the farmer has
at the SanJuan river, and the two the farmer at Tuba City has I did
not see, but am told they are fair animals. The agent has recei
ved authority to sell six horses, and purchase three driving horses,
he should have authority to purchase four. The pony is a fair
animal, good enough; the four mules are all good, the oxen are a
fair lot, good enough for present use.
The wagons are 11 farm wagons, 1 log wagon, 1 spring wagon, and
5 buckboards; the farm wagons are all good wagons in good repair,
the log wagon is all right, the spring wagon is a fair wagon in fair
repair, of the five buckboards, there is but one that can be used, and
that is not in very good condition, the other four should be condem
ned. The agent should receive authority to purchase a light spring
mountain wagon, one is required to go about the reservation, it should
be strong enough to carry two persons, a bag of oats, a small bale of
hay, and a camp outfit when required.
On page 4 will be found an official list of the buildings of
this agency, they and their condition is as s follows:
Agents quarters.
A fair one story adobe building in not very good repair,
the agent should be instructed to make the repairs required.
Employes quarters,
An old adobe one story building in bad repair.
Physician's quarters.
A very poor one story adobe building in bad repair, it has
a prop on one side of the building to keep that side from falling
out, this building should be taken down, it is to near the new boys
dormitory building now being erected.
Request for
in
a
peas
esat z
