...... Navajo Agency, .N..M.
AGENCY,
8 Sept. 30
189.
I hereby certify, on houor, that the articles specified herein, on lines numbered from 1 to
were neces
9
sarily expended at this agency, and embrace all Government property whatsoever expended under my supervision
during the quarter ending...
20
189.
and in the manner specified in this roucher.
Theedham
Toucher
herein were necessarily expeuded in the manuer stated during the quartezending Sett Je, 1808
apa Constant
Millained
I hereby certify, on honor, that the foregoing certificate is correct and just, and that the articles mentioned
U. 8. Indian Agent.
Navaje Agency, N. M.
Major 17th Infantry, Acting Indian Agent
Sept.ro, net
a tan coser
clauch
Agency
0-2
Quarter, 189...
U. 8. Indian Agent.
Agency,
( 5-316.)
PROPERTY.
ABSTRACT F.
Voucher No.
AT THE
To be made in duplicate; one copy to be retained by agent;
one to be sent with Quarterly Returns to the Office of Indian
Affairs.( See section 375, Regulations Indian Department,
1894.)
During the
Section 297, Regulations of Indian Department, 1894.
That any disbursing or other officer of the United States, or other person who shall knowingly present, or cause to be presented, any
voucher, account, or claim to any officer of the United States for approval or payment, or for the purpose of securing a credit in any account
with the United States, relating to any matter pertaining to the Indian Service, which shall contain any material misrepresentation of fact in
regard to the amount due or paid, the name or character of the article furnished or received, or of the service reudered, or to the date of purchase,
delivery, or performance of service, or in any other particular, shall not be entitled to payment or credit for any part of said voucher, account,
or claim; and if any such credit shall be given or received, or payment made, the United States may recharge the same to the officer or person
receiving the credit or payment, and recover che amount from either or both, in the same manner as other debts due the United States are
collected; Provided, that where an account contains more than one voucher the foregoing shall apply only to such vouchers as contain the
misrepresentation; And provided further, That the officers and persons by and between whom the business is transacted shall be presumed to
know the facts in relation to the matter set forth in the voucher, account, or claim; And provided further, That the foregoing shall be in Idition
to the penalties now prescribed by law, and in no way to affect proceedings under existing law for like offenses. That, where practicable, this
section shall be printed on the blank forms of vouchers provided for general use.-[ Act March 1, 1883, Sec. 8, 22 Stat., 451; act July 4, 1884,
Sec. 8: Cir. 113, Ind. 0.]
