re
wat
09
Jillian Loretto
Edwin Alonzo
First of all, I want thank my mother, step father,& my family I would like to take this opportunity to appreciate some of the
for their love, and for encouraging me to do my best in people who have been a big part of my life. For my family, I
school. My friends thanks for making my days at school one thank you all for always being there for me when times
of the best. Love you guys! To Kurt, Dwight, Dillion just became hard. To and for most my baby girl Elizabeth, who
want to tell you guys to hang in there it goes by fast. To the has been a big part of my life. Thank you for always being
teachers thanks for all you taught me. Last but not least I' d there for me, and showing the comfort and love that I need! I
like to thank Tony for all his love. Love you lots! Seniors, we love you Liz “ C/ O 07 baby!!"
did it! Just want to say good luck in the future
Samantha Ortiz
Shane Lucario
I would like to thank my family for always encouraging me to
I would like to thank my parents for pushing me to do my do well in school and for always being there when I need you.
best. I love you guys! Thank you guys for always being
To Zoltan for making the past two years full of laughter for
there for me. also I would like to thank my best friend me. For all my friends who are always there for me. To the
Ashley for all the things she did for me and for always other classes. “ ROCK SOCIETY! ” to the princess of Murk,
being there by my side when I needed you! Thank you and you are the best half.
I love you! Grandma RIP, I did it and I wish you were here.
Sky Coho
To the class of 07... we made it! Don' t give up on your
The champ is here.... I love you class of “ 07! You' re the best.
dreams go as far as you can go! Laters!
No one can top it. We' re the shiznit. The greatest class that
Solei Tenorio
ever has and ever will walk the campus. Thanks to all the
I would like to thank my dad for encouraging me to stay in
teachers and staff! You have mad skillz. Thanks Ms. Bailey!
school, my family for always being there. To all my friends
Make it BIG class of “ 07! Do what you can with what you get
Crys, Nish, Tammie, Des, Julie and those who I didn' t
and you' ll gain everything. Guaranteed. Big thanks to my mom,
mention thanks for all the laughs and good times!
my brother, his girl Radio, and my best friend Whitney. I love
CONGRATS c/ o 2007. We did it!!
you guys! Shake- N- Bake.
Bernadette Ortiz
Stephen Tortalita
I would like to thank my family for al the support and love,
Hey, I' d like to say congratulations to the class of 2007. I' d like
especially Sammie. I heart you my sister and thank you for
to thank everybody that got me through my high school years.
always being there for me. To Garrett, I love you and thank
I' d like to thank my friends, you know who you are, luv ya! I' d
you for always being there for me and for all the support and
especially like to thank my family for pushing me. Once again
love you have given me. To everybody else," just keep
to the class of “ 07 ” peace!
truckin and let the good times roll. Rock you hearts out. ” Just
Randi Begaye
have a fun life and live it to the fullest.
Just think I was a freshman, now a SENIOR! Shout out to the
Jonathan Cata
class of 2007! To my high- 5 crew Toshba, Jenfur, “ V ”, and
I would like to thank my parents for putting up with me and Juana I heart you guys. My b- ball girls “ state Champs 05 ”
encouraging me to do my very best. I would also like to Nesh, Marc, Liz, Daddy Clint, Kerwin baby, spunky, Julie, My
thank my friends: Deams, Eveli, Des, Gel, Kelly, and the rest husband jk, and everyone else. Stac, Ray JR, A1, Aid, Mom and
of you that were always there for me. Now to the
auntie, I love you more than antying. Kiss Kiss bye!
underclassmen, I encourage you guys to work hard, and
Kerwin Willie
most important of all enjoy your high school year, because
I would like to thank my family for pushing me to do my best in
they go by fast! We are the class of 2007, we are all
high school. To all my friends thanks for the good times and
reaching for the heavens, hope we don' t end up working at
laughs. To the underclassmen work hard and keep up them
7/ 11!!
grades. Thanks Keiffer for letting me use your pen. C/ O “ 07 ”
Derek Billie
WE DID IT! I love you Lund and Yazzie.
Big thanks to family especially my mother for pushing me to Angelica Calabaza
go to school and study! Big thanks to my g- pops, thanks to these past years flew with the blink of an eye. It seems only
my long time friends, peace to the TSQ crew, peace to my yesterday my freshman year kicked off. This year is jus the
elementary friend Daniel, peace to my home girls Sky C. beginning of a new life. It is going to be hard to leave but easy
We' ll see you around class of 2007!!
to remember. I just wanted to thank my family and all others
who believed in me. I couldn' t have done it without the
enormous support of this special place. SFIS!! Class of 2007,
We did it! Congrats!!
of
109
