Annual Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency.
employees now, as a rule, are suitably and comfortably housed.
The Camp School Unit of the San Juan School, sometimes called
the es School, the construction of which doubled the capacity
of the San Juan School, was completed and turned over by the
buildees in late June i925. To prepare this plant for occupancy
required a great deal of work and, as the establishment of this
unit had not increased the nechanical force of the San Juan
School, this work foll upon a crew whose numbers had already
been reduced to a minimum, considering the work of the old
plant alone, a crew that already had a full burden. This
additional work necessarily meant that much repair work at
the old plant must be temporarily neglected while the new
task was being accomplished. All available employees were put
at this task and most of the summer and fall were thus consumed.
A person who has no actual experience in opening a school plant
turned over as this plant was can have 1ittle conception of
the volume of work involved. There were floors to clean windows
to wash, screens to make and put in place shades to assemble
and place, stoves to set up, chairs to assemble likewise stools,
wardrobes to make, shelving to make and place, school desks
to assemble and place, flour bins to make, coal bins to make,
and literally scores of other things that must be fabricated
and placed or installed before the children and employees
could occupy. The old plant is in such condition that any
little neglect thereof, even for a short time, is very ap
parent. However, the new work has nearly all been assimilated
and much of the repair work on the old plant is no in process
of completion and it is believed the mechanical force as it
exists, will succeed in mastering the situation. However,
they are by no means" out of the woods" at the present writing.
The clerical force is short handed and has been for the
past three years. Auditor Walker noted this and in his latest
report covering conditions at this place, while complimenting
this force upon the volume and quality of the work turned out,
said he knew of no other place in the Service where additiona.
clerical help is so badly needed. he recent resignation of
JaspercW. Elliott, chief clerk, makes this condition doubly
acute. For Mir. Elliott was& men of many years' experience,
rapid, and accurate,
not averse to working Sundays and over
time. During his stay at Shiprock he di ractically the
work of two clerks and unless a successor of equal experience
and ability, and of like disposition can be found additional
clerical help will be a necessity.
There is also a lack of field employees. For the entire
Jurisdiction there are provided but three field men, two
PROPOrepeatesRelational Reasoner Peter Permanent memories represent parliament
