I
Pueblo& Jicarilla Agency.
-7
The sheep owners paid this year to the Indians five cents
per head for all sheep and goats brought on the reservation during
the lambimg season, that included the right to hold and graze their
herds for forty days.
Agent Walpole insisted that the sheep
owners should pay that amount( 5 cents per head,) for the privi
ledge to drive flocks on the reserve during that period, he, and
clerk Gaylord personally counted 37500 sheep and goats, and collec
ted$ 1887.50, which was more than double the amount ever collected
before, this sum was paid to the Indians owning the land where the
herds were held.
During my inspection of this agency, several
Indians called on me, and requested that I ask the Government to
issue them sheep; while I believe this reservation well adapted to
sheep raising, and think many of these Indians would take good care
of sheep if issued to them, I cannot see my way clear to recommend
that sheep be issued to them. Most of the Indians who are so
located that they could keep sheep at a profit have received this
year$ 1887.50, from the sheep owners for lambing priviledges, most
of that money has been flitted away, and it has done them little or
no actual good. I would recommend that in the future the agent
be instructed to collect for lambing priviledges of sheep owners,
sheep and goats, not money, if this course was pursued, in a few years
these Indians like the Navajo's, would have all the sheep and goats
the reservation could feed.
No agency farm is maintained at this agency, none, or very
little of the land is suitable for farming purposes.
I saw no Indian here competent to occupy any position
now filled by a white employe.
All the suppiles, machinery, implements, and tools are in
good condition, and are receiving proper care and attention.
No suppiles but beef are sold to employees.
The agency stock consists of 2 horses, and 8 oxen; the horses are a
fairly good pair, good enough for present needs; the oxen are old,
but they will be able to do the work of the agency for some time to
come; all the stock is branded.
