In Boarding Schools off theRoservation,PublicSchools,2526of the remaining firteen hundred, it is reasonablo tofigure that nearly five humdrod are married, mentally and physicallydisqualified, or othorwiso unable to attend any school.1 day school is being built at Sanos teo, which will accommodate thirty pupils and sixtoon more can be accommodated at theNava Day School. The increased attendance at Nava has been madepossible by building a new two- room classroom building.On accountof the nomadic habits of the Navajos, the advisability of enteringinto an extensive day school building program is doubtful. Thepossibility of entering any appreciable number of Navajo children inpublic schools will be out of the question for many years to come.The only feasible plan seems to be to enlarge and build more boardingschools.The boarding school at Shiprock, known as San Juan SchoolNo. 1, should be rebuilt to accommodate four hundred fifty pupils.The Toadlena School should be remodeled so that it could accommodatethree hundred fifty. There should be a boarding school for twohundred( in next year's advance estimate) at Teec- nos- pas, and onefor three hundred at or near Farmington, New Mexico. While thiswill involve the expenditure of a large amount of money, it is feltthat the quickest and most sound plan for placing the Nava jos in aposition to take care of themselves is through education.Two Government hospitals are operated on the Reservation,a sixty- two bed hospital at Shiprock started by two physicians, andfour graduate nurses and one at Toadlena with one physician and onegraduate nurse. During the past six months the hospital at Shiprockhas been filled to capacity most of the time. The hospital at Toadlena has been filled during the past two months by the overflow fromthe Shiprock hospital. Even by keeping both hospitals full, thoseon the reservation needing hospitalization have not been taken careof.The hospital building at Shiprock is of flimsy frame construction and should be replaced with a permanent building with acapacity of not less than one hundred beds.In addition to the above who need hospitalization, thereare a large number on the reservation suffering from tuberculosisfor whom there is no provision. These tubercular people are a menaceto others living in the hogan and should be taken care of in asanitarium. The agency is located in a district where practicallyeverything needed for the diet of this type of patient is producedand it is believed that a sanitorium of one hundred beds should bebuilt near the agency or in connection with the general hospital.