ANNUAL REPORT SANTA FE NON- RESERVATION BOARDING SCHOOLJUNE 30, 1925Section II- H e a 1 t hA thing which I have been unable to explain satisfactorily to myself is that during the school year just pastI have had more cases of tuberculosis among the pupils thanin any one year since the beginning of my incumbency atthis school. And another strange feature of the affair isthat nearly all the cases were girls But a still morestriking feature is that almost n one were PueblosTheUtes the Apaches and the Navajos from the detached bandsdown on a line between Gallup and Magdalena fared theworst During the past school year I have had better foodfor my pupils than ever before, the living conditions havebeen better, the health campaign has been carried on assiauously in the class rooms and in the workshops; and everyline of activity in the school was such that we had good reas onto expect that there would be fewer breakdowns than usualBut in spdte of all the favorable conditions, I had s onething like twenty new cases of tuberculosis. I took thismatter up with Dr. R. E. L. Newberne then he was here a fewmonths ago and he assured me that the conditions I havejust mentioned were not due to any fault or lack of careon the part of the school.Only a very few of the cases of tuberculosis haveresulted fatally. And none have been sent away to a sanatorium We find that the best thing to be done is tosend the patient home and let him( or her) rough it.Mostof them get well and make their recovery in an amazinglyshort time after reaching home. For example,a yearago this month I sent a young Ramah Navajo girl home" ith no expectation of anything but to hear of her deathwithin a few days In fact, I seriously doubted that sheould reach home alive But within a week or two aftershe had reached her home people she was out in the sheepcamp living on beans and mutton and gaining weight Themilk and eggs we had given here and complete rest inthe hрspital, were of no avail. Another case similarto that came up only a few weeks ago, Violet Togene,a Tohatchi Navajo girl, who by the way had been washingand who had eaten her meals at the Club and there had hada ration as good as what the teachers themselves had,came down with a case of acute miliary tuberculosisDr. Massie pronounced her as good as dead when she lefthere to go home But word coming to me a few weekslater said that she was very much improved and getting well.Trachoma has not bothered us a very great deal.Some cuses of course were bad but in a general way we