Page 6.ANNUAL REPORT. 1926.NARRATIVE.PUEBLO BONITO.SCHOOLS.It is our ondoavor to assist the returned studentin bome building and thru the loan of reimbursable moneyin the purchase of sboep. Ho must first show thrift and havethe inolination and ability to save and aoquire sheep of hisown effort. They are urged to marry girls who have beento school, to build homes and apply the prinoiplas ofsanitation, food preparation and home 111e, which they acquiredin the several years of their school life, and to be& fittingexample to their people. Our work in the reservation sohoolsis oonfined to muon primary and prevooational grades. Theyoar nov olosed has been our greatest from an loademic standpoint.Our teachers were better qualified for the great work inwhich they are engaged, thanks be for their having to attendsummer schools every other year. This requirement has donemore to raise the standard of class room work and bring aboutmore waiform good results than any other measure. Ourequipment is being added to slowly, with many refernce booksand current magasines on features of academic and Industrialwork. The Indians are urged to visit the school and personallysee what is being done in the interest and welfare of theirchildren and they have responded nicely and have takenadvantage to see their children at work and more than passinginterest has been manifested. At Christmas time and at theclose of school it was impossible to accomodate and seat all ofthe patrons who came to attend the programs presented by thechildren. The cost of operation for the Pueblo Bonito Boardingfor the fiscal year 1926 per capita was a little less than190. per pupil.More seating equipment in dormitories is urgently neededin all dormitorios, instalation of auditional showers in bathroom will have attention before the opening of school inSeptember. Additional playgrounů apparatus is also requiredas we only have swings and two slides. Systematic supervisionof play is provided both boys and girls.It will be many years before the Navaho tribe will beadvanced far enough to operate and maintain their own schoolsEs the educational work among the Navahos has only made a goodbeginning.