NARRATIVE.Section II****Health.1. Health conditions at the school are always good. The children arekept clean and well fed. As a matter of evolution the Indian race isin its old age and extreme care is necessary to prevent fat al development of constitutional defects. An epidemic of smallpox running overtwo years has died out principally from lack of material. It was avery mild form. There being such a large proportion of children ofschool age not provided for, and dodging vaccination, it is likely therewill be another epidemie in due course of time. 3. General sanitaryconditions around the Indian homes are prevented from being fatal bythe intense sunshine, violent sand storms, and desert conditions surrounding their open air life. Wa ter is scarce and the Indian comesnearest to being clean immediately after he has had a sweat bath anda dry sand rub.( a) Being without a physician, nurse or field matronsor field equipment nothing could be done to improve the home life ofthese Indians.( b) This is the finest place for a hospital that Iknow of in the Na vajo Indian country that is without one. Our littlehospital does all it can.( c) Nothing.( d) No. It is hard en ough toget Indians in the habit of patronizing a permanent hospital.( e) Oursmall hospital is in constant use when regular employes are here.( f)Having no field sanitary force ad vice and instruction is al that cauldbe done along this line. And this I did personally. 4. There has beena marked increase in the tendency of the camp Inđi ans to come tothe hospital for assistance. Although no regular physician has beenavailable traveling specialists of the Department have been of greatassistance and the Indians are overcoming their reluctance to beingtreated by white physicia s. 5. A Physician and a Nurse are providedto run the hospital here and to do what is possible out on the reservation. More employes are needed away from here to handle the healthconditions. 6. No field matron, 7. No help available for this work,8. None. 9. Nothing doing.