1
1
O
NARRATIVE REPORT, NORTHERN PUEBLOS,
ESPANOLA, NEW MEXICO, 1920.
Section 1
Law and Order
I submit, herewith, my narrative report for the
Northern Pueblo jubisdiction for the fiscal year 1920.
This is a new jurisdiotion arising out of the
division of the former Day School jurisdiction, the headquarters
of which were at Albuquerque, New Mexico. It consists of the
Pueblos of Taos, Píouris, San Juan, Santa Clara, San Ildefonso,
Nambe and Pojuaque. There are no agency buildings but there
are four school plants belonging to the Government at as many
different Pueblos. Agenoy Offices and quarters for Super
intendent, physician and clerks are rented in Espanola, the
headquarters of the new jurisdiction. Els panola is located on
the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad about 30 miles north of
Santa Fe, New Mexico. Consideration has been given to the
erection of agency buildings at this point but it is not
believed that such action is advisable at this time, prin
cipally on account of the high cost of building material
which makes it practically impossible to construct and
equip a proper plant for much, if any, less than$ 50,000.00.
Quarters that answer the purpose very well can be obtained
for from$ 1200.00 to$ 1500.00 annual rental. Perhaps at some
later time when building conditions are more favorable the
matter of erecting Agency quarters may be given further cor
sideration.
There are no Federal buildings in the immediate
vicinity, and it is not believed that any will be constructed
in the near future. Santa Fe, 30 miles distant is to have
a new postoffice, but Santa Fe has not been considered by
our department as the proper headquarters for this jurisdiotion.
Our agenoy force of employes consists of a super
intendent, 2 clerks, one regular and one contract physician,
two farmers, one field matron, two policemen and three judges.
The office force is sufficient; the field force is only
fairly so. The regular physician covers six of the pueblos;
the contract physician covers two, Taos and Picuris. His
headquarters are at Taos. Taos and Picuris are 28 miles
apart and during the winter it is almost impossible, and
sometimes quite impossible, for the physician to go from Taos
to Picuris on account of the high mountain pass and the deep
snow lodged therein. It is believed that the present
contract physician should supply Taos only and that another
one should be appointed for Picuris. The present contract
