Page 2
" Industries"
I an heartily in favor of reimbursable money for the purchase of
livestock, such as sheep, goats, and cattle, but other than that, I believe
these Indians are able to get along without the use of the reimbursable funds.
The majority of them have good teams and their farring equipment is fair.
The matter of fencing the land belonging to each pueblo has been taken
up with the Indians, and I believe with a little assistance of the Government,
this can be accomplished. In some cases they have gone ahead at their own.
expense, for instance the Laguna Indians. The Isleta Indians have sufficient
funds on hand to do it and are considering the matter at the present time
and will in the near future, I believe, fence the entire reservation, The
rest of the pueblos I am sure will do the same, but in some cases it will be
necessary to give them assistance.
Stock raising is steadily increasing and improving in quality, expecially
so in the sheep industry. During the past year all sheepmen have made consider
able money and the coming year promises to be still better. Last year the lambs
sold at 104 per lb., and this year they are offering as high as$ 11.35 per cwt.
There is an excellent lamb crop throughout this district.
I would say that the
only successful industry for these Indians is sheep raising.
No tribal herds are maintained in this jurisdiction, and conditions are
such that dairying, I do not believe, would be a profitable industry. The only
native industry carried on here is the pottery making. This is a very profitable
business especially during the tourist season.
The work of the returned students is very encouraging. A few of them
have remained on the reservation and started in the sheep business, while a
number of them are working for the Santa Fe Railroad Company and are holding
some of the best positions in the Shops.
We try
The time of the farmers and stocloman is spent in various ways.
to have then visit among the Indians and keep in close touch with them as much
as possible, but due to the lack of help they are often forced to do police
duty, so after runaway students from boarding schools, arrest Indians and bring
them to the agency, see after the loading and unloading of freight, and various
other things that come up during the course of the year.
The State Agriculture College has given special attention to work among
the Indians in co- operation with the Government farmers and stocloman, and the
County Agent has been very much interested in the club work at the various schools.
A very creditable showing was made last year at the Teachers College at Las
Cruces, and I believe this year at the County Fairs and the State College that
it will be much better than last year.
No sawmills are in operation throughout this district and there are no
olilf dwellings or ruins in this jurisdiction.
Plans are on foot at the present time to have an Indian Fair at the time
of the Laguna Fiesta. This was carried on at one time when Superintendent
Lonergan was in charge here, and was very successful.
