Law and Order.Indian courts on this reservation were abandoned a longtime ago and now the court system is that the defendants arebrought before the superintendent who wi th the help of thefew Indian judges we have, constitutes the court and dispensesjustice. We have both Navajos and Hopis here and it is bestthat the superintendent rule on all matters demanding courtaction. We have very little trouble in this respect.The religious welfare of both tribes is splendidly lookedafter by missionaries of fine quality and good character.present the Catholic church is not represented on the reservation.AtOnce in a while we are bothered by liquor introductionfrom the outside but that is seldom. We have been practicallyimmune from liquor troubles among the Hopis for they do not useit in any form. Once in a while among the Navajos some outsiderslips in and attempts to sell it. This year we have had noarrests at all in connection with liquor.The only way liquor comes on the reservation is throughsome Indians who live in town or have been in town. Thisintroducation is only in very small quantities. Unfortunatelywe have living at the railroad some Indians who should be taughta lesson about coming on the reservation with liquor.We have many Indians going to the railroad for freight,supplies, etc. Our warehouse is at Holbrook. At this pointwe have never had any trouble because the county officials arein close cooperation with us to prevent liquor traffic amongIndians. At Winslow, our other railroad town, there are anumber of Indians located to work on the railroad and who drinkmore or less. It is these people who bring it on the reservation at times.The state authorities are very nice about cooperating withus in every way to suppress the liquor traffic.I do not believe it would help any to have another employeethan the superintendent made deputy special officer or deputysheriff by state authorities. What we need and what would beadvisable is a white chief of police who would be both deputyspecial officer and a deputy sheriff.