SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012BOARD OF TRUSTEESADYERENDGovernor Perry Martinez, Governor Ron Lovato( President), Gregory Jojola( Vice- President),Stanely Tafoya, Robert Garcia. Not pictured Joe Chavez( Secretary), Margie Dishta.Dear Students,This year has been a busy year for all of us, and particularly, for you as students. Please accept our sinceregratitude to the staff, alumni, parents, tribal leaders, and students for being engaged in the Strategic Planningprocess. The Senior Class of 2012 should be commended for their help with the strategic planning initiatives inproviding excellent ideas knowing that they would not reap the benefits of their efforts. However, in true SFISfamily style, they unselfishly continued to provide meaningful input because they were convinced that theirsiblings and the extended SFIS family would benefit. Thank you, Seniors!E INDIASCNTA AThe SFIS family is proud and grateful to all the students for this year' s many accomplishments. First, the improvements in our MAP scores were impressive. As a result, although we were only cautiously optimistic that wewould make AYP this year, to our great delight and pride, we did! Congratulations again. Secondly, our SeniorSFISHonors Projects this year continued to present significant issues and challenges for all of us to address in orderSUPERINTENDENT for our Native communities to create greater health and wellness, sustainable prosperity and, most critical of all,EVERETT E. CHAVEZ to maintain our traditions, language and cultural practices. Excellent job, Seniors! And, thirdly, the phenomenalLady Braves, our SFIS Girls Basketball team, after securing impressive back- to- back state titles, missed a threepeat by one tenth of a second. Nevertheless, Coach Roybal and her exceptional Ladies remain our champions and deserve our respect andpride. What a memorable year for the SFIS family! We express our appreciation for the huge support that we received from our tribal leadersand our community of fans, without whom we could not have achieved these successes.As you, our seniors, depart into the ever- challenging world, we hope that you reflect on what has been taught to you by your parents, grandparents, and ourselves, namely, the important core values that will sustain you as you endeavor to find your future roles. There is always theexpectation that each of you will assume critical leadership roles in your communities, but when the time comes, balance your intellectualknowledge and education with decisions that are based on family, tradition, culture, wisdom, and the courage that have been shaped by ourancestors.Enjoy this yearbook and the memories that all of you helped to shape and that will stay with us for many years to come. Our well- wishes andprayers to all our students who have touched our lives!Sincerely,EverettF. Chavez2011- 2012 5