Sweet Memories...2008April Chavez/ aprylkateri@ yahoo. comOh my word, unbelievable to think that this year has come and gone. Not too long ago that I walked these halls for the first timesophomore year, nervous and in awe of all the beautiful Indian faces. First and foremost I will thank my amazing teachers! They areso profound, even when reading a class syllabus. I wouldn' t have been able to make it this far without their love, support, and nudgeevery now and then. You gave me light and I will shine. Thanks! I love you all! To my peeps: Gurchy Girl, I love you baby and DON' T GETPREGNANT! Bootz, you my girl and you still owe me a drawing. Pwn: you the man, much love and respect. CUZ SANTA FE POETS ARETHE CRAZIEST! Lunch Buddy: don' t forget to give me a comp. when you CEO of Apple. My part- ana( accent): Yo Quiro Taco Bell. Wheremy chalupa at fo'? Kinky: ROOMIE! Easy with those flying giraffes. To the office staff: Susie, you gangsta! Patrice, thanks for alwaystaking my phone! Words are falling short as are tears, for this is only the beginning and class of 2008 will make SFIS proud. I wish thebest of luck to everyone here! To my little bro: I love you silly yazhi, and take care of the place when I' m gone! Blow their socks off!Remember ya ll..." a thousand roads lead men forever toward Rome( greatness)."<--- that' s for Kambeitz. WE DON' T BRAKE, 2008!!! 5thou...Marcelita Povijua/ m_ povijua@ yahoo. comI would like to take this opportunity to thank my parents, sisters, and brothersfor always encouraging me to do my best. I would like to thank my girls( Thea,Bea, Tiff, Dre, Linz, Just, Krys, Tawni) for all the great, crazy memories that weshared. Last but not least the staff; Greer, Ms. Wils, Ms. Guerin, and Ms. Saizthanks for the food, help, and encouragement. Underclassmen it' s never toolate to look at colleges!Martin Rivera/ mlrivera4@ netzero. netFinally... six years have gone by and now its timeto leave. To the rest of the students that still arein school good luck and do your best. Don' tprocrastinate your school work. I would like tothank all the teachers that taught me almosteverything I know: Joann Crespin thanks for allthe help you have given me the past coupleof years, Mrs. Phelps thanks for being a greatteacher, Ms. Saiz I would also like to thank youfor pushing me to do my best. I would like to saygoodbye to my friends here at SFIS: Linz, Althea,Jay, Kathy and to the rest of you guys. Good luckwith the rest of your lives and hope we see eachother again. CLASS OF 2008.Nathaniel Augustine/ nate_ dawg_ 10107@ yahoo. comThis year has come- n- gone and was my best year of high school. HopefullyI don' t see this next year- n- I won' t miss you all. Except for the one and only;she knows who she is. Ha LaTtazTasha Nelson/This school. Good times... and bad times. Kids, remember to make the best of what you have. Thanks to all the teachers who haveguided and motivated me. Tim McLaughlin, I would be in a literal and figurative ditch with out you. Sheyti, Josh, Rey, Ron, Jon, Austin, Band, etc., ROAD TRIP! You guys made life fun. To my family, We made it! love all of you. To the Coriz family, thanks for everything.Damian, thanks for the support. I love you. Amber Dawn Martinez, the best person I' ve ever met, she is a big part of this graduatingclass and I succeeded for her. Thanks to everyone who has helped me through the tough times and helped make the good times.Laters.Carmella RJ Hena/ crjh_ 2008@ earthlink. netFirst off, CONGRATS SENIORS WE MADE IT, c/ o 2008!! I' d like to thank myfamilia, friends, and teachers without you all I would' t have made it. Alsothanks for all the memories, krazy, funny, wild, sad n dont forget Sexy!! Tothe underclassmen, keep your heads up n see you at the Paolo or WallyWorld!! Laterz people!! Estoy Fuera de Aqui!! YeeeahMelissa Star/ pink_ star_ princess_ 08@ yahoo. comFirst of all i' d like to thank my mom& dad for alltheir support and pushing me to strive for thebest. I Love You Mommy& Daddy!!! To my grandpa,i know your spirit stays with me and i' ll alwaysremember your wise words of wisdom. To all myfrens thanks for all da krazy unforgettable tymes!!To my Krazy gurl Virg, thanks 4 bein there 4 me andall da krazy tymes we had like almost burnin ourroom down.. wink wink.. lol!! Mr. Kambeitz thanksfor the tea! Ms. Margret thanks for always tellin menot to give up and for all your support!!: o) To daunderclassmen," 08 SENIORS RULE"!!! And don' ttake this tyme for granted, have all da funn youcan because it really flys by, gud luck. Last but notleast to da CLASS OF 08 we finally did it were outtahere!!! Yay, Yippie!!!: O) Best Wishes!!! CLASS OF 08!!!Jonny BEEZY!!!!!!!!!!!!/ Cvs_ platinum@ hotmail. comHey there 2008, hows it goin? Everything going good this year foreveryone? GOOD GOOD!!!! well I wanna Do a Shout out to all me HOMEDOGS! oh yeah Yall know who you are! So yeah.... HE- NA laters. oh p. s.LERRRROOOYYYY JAAAANNNNKKINNSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!118