0OPAGE 8.ANNUAL REPORT.1926.JARRATIVE. PUEBLO BONINO.INDUSTRIES. So0.4.Have had more calls for Indian laborers than we can supplyand I doubt very much if there has ever been as much propperityamong the Indians of this jurisdiction than the year justolosing, it may not be long 11fedas the Navaho is a greatspender and not yet sohooled in ba bits of thrift and saving.Land situation with respect to use of range continues tooccupy the center of our troubles but the Tribal Council has goneon record to set asido 20 per cent of oil royalties to be usedfuture to purobase land most needed for the Publio DomainNavabos. To me it would seem advisable to ask Congress toappropiate and ample sum bade reimbursable each year in theamount of 20 per cent until repaid from Navaho funds and settlethe public Domain question definitely and forever.past 16 years our efforts bave been defeated in every propositionthat has been brought up in an effort to adjust the rangeproblem. This seems to be the only expedient left to us, willmake this a subject of a letter within a short time.The population remains about the same as other years, baveundertaken the making of an acurate Census but is only one- thiracompleted and cannot be completed for some time as the loss ofMr. Kimmel was a terrible set back in this work.The determination of heirs has been given attention in a fewof the most important cases, but lack of equipment has greatlyhindered the work. Much of the work must be done in thelocality of the land as it never can be done at the agencyas the Indians are widely scattered and many of the Indiansat interest will not take time to attend a hearing.In past two years I have filed Declarations for Pensionfor Survivors or their Widows covering service rendered byscouts in campaign against the Apache Indians in 1885-6, nearly100 applications were taken care of, made difficult as themajority bad lost their disoberge papers and aia no name ofCo. or organization in which they served. To date more than50 Pensions have been allowed to date with approximately$ 60,000. back pay and an allowance of$ 20. per month forSurvivors and$ 12. per month for widows. The majority ofcases are in good standing and believe favorable action willsoon and they receive this reward for loyalty tothe government in trying times of the pioneer days, when thehelped to make the south- west safe for the early settlerwho blazed the trail thru hardships and danger.