I5.cost, provided he be allowed to retain his building and be licensed tocontinuetrading with the indians. The other trader, Mr. C. H. Algert,locatedat Tuba City, was not at home during my stay the re, but I wasassured by his clerk and manager, Mr. J. A. McCune, that Algert wouldrelinquishall claim to his location, if desiredby the Government, upon the conditionsoffered by Indian Trader Preston, but that Mr. Algertowned 3 buildingsin Tuba City, apart from his place of business, thathe valued at about$ 1500.00, which he would doubtlessexpect compensation for.Herman Lyond, the owner of the claim occupied by the two missionaries hereinbeforereferredto, not being at home( believedto be atPhoenix, Arizona), I was unable to obtain any written agreementfor hisproperty, but I was told by several parties that Mr. Lyond would doubtless accept$ 1500.00 for his pos3e3soryright and improvements, whichI would regard a reasonablevaluation.I have a mamorandumof Mr.Lyond'simprovements, and should he accept$ 1500.00 for his claim, andMr. Algert$ 1500.00for his three buildings, other than his store, which,as I was informed, they doubtlesswill, the improvementsof all thewhite settlersin the territoryrequiredfor extendingthe Navajoreservationcan be purchasedby the Government. at a total of$ 48,000.00,and, as will be seen by the schedulesof the 20 Mormon families, thereis considerablevaluableimprovements, including excellentfruit orchards and cultivatedlands under irrigation.Should the reservationbe extended so as to include Tuba City,and the claims of the white settlers, referredto be purchasedby theGovernment, Tuba City, with its fine or chards and supply of good water,would afford an excellentsite for an Indian IndustrialBoardingSchool,and such a school would be very desirablefor the Navajo, Moqui andPiute Indians of the district.In the erection of such a school atTuba City there is an abundanceof good stone in the near neighborhoodfor founda ti ons, good clay for brick, which could be made near thebuilding site, limestonewithin 2 miles of Tuba City from which alllime required could be burned, and the main spring of water which supplies the town is about 80 rods distant and elevated at least 50 feetabove the best building site, which would carry water into the upper