( 7)
Section 5- Forestry.
A sale of 1,300,000 feet of tribal timber was effected during
the fiscal year 1912, the purchaser being allowed nine years
in which to remove same and three years to commence opera
tions. The stumpage price to be paid for this timber is 3
per 1000 feet for the first 6 years and$ 3.50 per thousand
for the last three years. This is considered a very good
price, and if Congress would appropriate about$ 150000 for
immediate use of these Indians in the purchase of stock, to
be reimbursed from the proceeds of this sale, the Indians
could shortly be placed on a self- supporting basis.
There are some 430,000,000 feet or timber on the reser.
vation, and more sales can be made in the future, when the
market price will probably be higher, but it is not consid
ered of any great importance to make any further sales at
this time.
All timber lying West of the Agenoy, and within easy
access of the D.& R.G.R.R. tracks, should be reserved for
the use of the Indians and for saw mill operations. A great
deal more can be derived theref rom for stampage than could
possibly be secured through a sale, and large numbers of
Indians could be employed for several years to come, at good
living wages, in the manufacture of ties and other saw mill
work.
Some thirty five Indians have been engaged in tie making
during the past year, and have shown quite a good deal of
skill in their work; some will continuen in this industry, but
others, who have been given districts that are inaccessible
to wagans, will discontinue unless more favorable territory
is assigned them, As the stumpage derived from the timber
used for ties equals or exceeds that obtained from the sale
of timber to corporations, it would seem that the Indians
should not be restricted to inaccessible territory, but should
rather be given districts where wagons oan be used for haul
ing, provided that all timber marked for cutting is cut before
moving to another district. The regulations requiring trees
to be cut to a six inch top has seriously effected the last
tie sale, 2168 ties being accepted as 2nd class from a sale
of 9828, on aos ount of being too small at top end, The Indians
thus lost from .155% to 20 ¢¢ on each of the 2168 ties made,
There is very little danger of large forest fires on
this reserve, and the present force of employees, in the man
ner they are stationed, could cope with any small fires that
might start.
About 25 miles of Telephone lines have been added the
past year to keep in touch with the Forest Guards, and more
roads& lines will be completed this fall, connecting the
Agency and Forest Guard cabins; with these improvements the
present force of employees will be adequate to control the
Forest situation
.
