The woms this year in the Kindergarten clę; was carried on
entirely through units and activities. The objectives and the
activities as listed in the curriculum for this level as well
as all the processes were derived from the units carried on in
this level. These units were selected as the best possible
approaches for acquainting these children, who untii this current
year had had no actual experience with the English language or
the English speaking people, with the every day things found
directiy around them in their new enviornment, linking up the
new experiences with the experiences with which the children
were already familiar. The units have been selected because
they could give the children usable English as well as taking
in the vocabulary list for this level.
The first unit used this year was e Farm unit which had
incorporated in it « Home unit, a Food unit, and a Nature unit.
As Home life and its activities are among the chief interests of
of a child this unit merely carried on the enjoyable experiences
of the children in a language that was unfamiliar to them.
Of course the little girls were very much interested in
the dolls in the classroom and never tired playing with them.
This seemed to be their main interest from the start and never
died down throughout the entire school year. The boys on the
other hand seemed to have varied interests all through the year.
The toys in the classroom were so new to the children that these
o coupied all of the interest for the first few days. However,
the boys showed greater interest in « couple of wagons that were
in the classroom 19 these could be taken out of doors and used
in hauling sand, rocks, etc. As there were not enough wagons to
go around some of the boys started to make their own wagons from
boards that were available on the work table. All of the boys
tried to make wa gons, even the tiniest tots but tools were so
new to them that they were unable at first to handle a saw or a
hammer although they were more adept in using a small hatchet
which was in the tool box. Most of the boys made a wagon of some
sort for himself although some of them were total failures 28
far as the operating of them was concerned.
We had taken excursions around the plant and the boys were
80 mach interested in garages etc., that one of the boys made
a shed in which to keep his wagon. He very crudely measured his
wagon with a stick and sawed the boards for his sh ed. Needless
to say they were not sawed evenly and the shed was a little
lopsidded but it was a very good place to put his wagon when the
school day was over. The knot holes in the shed were patched
with small pieces of tin and a door of tin was finally put on
the sh ed. Other sheds followed of course. The boy who had first
made the shed was not quite satisfied with his wagon so he put
a seat in the front of it and used one of the small rag dolls
for a passenger at times.
After visiting the farm, which we visited for the purpose
of helping with the hervesting of the corn, the children seemed
