We refer you to our form ECW- 7, consolidated, for the
month of June, 1936, which gives you the entire units completed
under projects of the various classifications for the firteen
months from April 1, 1935 to June 30, 1936.
According to the information we have received to date,
we will receive$ 500,000.00 to carry on our WOW activities,
throughout the remaining nine months of this year. This will mean
a total monthly expenditure of approximately$ 55,000, which means
roughly that our enrolled men, as well as personnel, will have to
be reduced approximately 40% from what they were at the close of
business on June. It has been found necessary to keep project
managers in charge of El activities as well as equipment and
supplies at each of the old subdivisions in order that coordination
may be had through the entire reservation. In most cases where
an extremely large area is under his jurisdiction, it will be
necessary to have two group foromen in the field at each subdivision.
Most of the Jobs, however, are directly under the supervision of a
subforeman or a leader. Since a number of our jobs are of a nature
where only a very small crew of men can be worked, it is impossible
to furnish subforemen
in all cases.
Our engineering forces have been reduced considerably in
the last year. Further reduction will very likely be necessary in
the near future in order to stay within our allowed quota. We have
at the present tine two engineering parties in the field that cover
practically the whole Nava Jo and Hopi Reservations. These men are
furnished with transportation and are expected to visit, collect
data, and lay out all projects before the construction is actually
started. This means thet our engineering work must be far enough
ahead at all times in order that approval on the data sheets as con
struction projects may be secured from the District Office and the
Lane Management Department. As surveys of the Land Llanagement
Districts are completed and recommendations for development made,
various changes will be necessary in our ppojects that are proposed
for approval.
It is thought desirable to concentrate on the districts as
these recommendations are made in order that the development of
the Navajo Reservation can be more nearly completed by districts;
therefore, at the end of each month a recapitulation of all approved
projects with the estimated quantities and costs along with a brief
justification will be furnished the Indian Office and the District
office in order that a complete record of all projects approved in
the field may be available.
C. H. Powers,
Senior Project Manager
