ANNUAL REPORT, 1926.
Page 1
TARRATIVE.
PUBLO BONITO.
During the past year additional sloeping poro hos
wore added to the three boys dormitories, and we can
now ao como da te 350 children withoutovero rowding.
kindergarten building is under construotion and will be
noarly ready for coonpanoy, September first. One double
cottage has been constructed for married omployees,
bit wo ako st111 in groat need for more omployees cottages
as tho aooomadations for employees have not kept paco
with the growth of the school.
Our police force has been reduced to three, so that
at times it is hard to do effective work with suoh a
small foroe.
Another stookman position should be established
and a man placed somewhere in the Torreones country as
those Indians are far removed from Civilising influeng
and no one near to whom they can look for advice as the
agency is 50 to 75 miles from this country and they must
make a long journey to get in touch with a stockman or
the Superintendent.
The range situation remains about the same and a few
politicians continue to manipulate the range on the public
domain to their own gain and to the detriment of
many
Indians.
Reservoir construction is given more attention each year
and considerable wook of this nature has been accomplished
the past year.
The shooting of Juan Toledo last February caused quite
an excitement among the settlers on the Torreones, but was
brought about by the poor judgment of one rancher named
Lady Bird, who with Ed Blanchfill were deputized to
arrest Juan and not having an Interpreter, serious trouble
was started and a number of shots exchanged and Juan finally
shot from left read by Bird with a 30; 30 rifle tearing off
Juan's jaw. He was taken to Albuquerque, where he was given skille
d surgical attention by Dr. Cornish and son and his life
gaved. This is the only trouble of a serious nature that
odourred the past year. These men were ao quitted but
a little tact on their part and there would not have been
any trouble whatever.
