co3.a number of years, but first one thing and then another hasprevented getting it. It looked as if we would be able tosecure it this year but it was not possible to secure caseing, and no contractor would undertake the drilling.A million gallon reservoir has been under consideration, but nonawaits a number of tests and reports before a final decisionis reached, and it will probably be an other two or three yearsbefore we secure this most needed improvement. We could useto excellent advantage another school room, and our assemblyhall is too small for the present number of pupils and employees.The school farm is large enough for the size of theschool. We raise much of our produce though last farm seasonwas not much of& SUC0988 after the garden part of it was subtracted. The garden is the most successful part of the place.Large quantities of vegetables are grown. Several wagon loadsof tomatoes Tent to waste last fall after the influenza hit us.The garden is under the direction of one of our ex- school boys.The old oro hard will produce some fruit this year, although thesevere winter killed most of the peach trees all over this pertof the country.We did not escape. We reset our young or charathis spring, putting out both peach and a pple trees.The school suffered some from too frequent changes ofemployees. The intermediate room had three different teachersduring the year, and was without any a part of the time, andwas olosed for six weeks during the influenza. That we areable to make any promotions speaks well for both pupils andteachers. Mrs. Hawkins broke down and had to give up twoweeks before the end of the year. She never fully recoveredfrom the effects of the influenza. Mrs. Le fler, Assistant Matron, spent several months in the hospital after she had theinfluenza and has not resumed duty yet. Miss Bishop went hometo reouerate and did not return, accepting a transfer to SantaFe. lire. Petty, acting matron, resigned and married Dr. Callahan and went with him to Fort Belknap. We have been reasonablySUCO E seful in filling our poei tions with temporary employees offair ability, and in some cases, good ability.TOADLENA SCHOOL.This sohool was hard hit by the influenza and lost tenchildron. While but one employee had the influenza, the othersseemed to loose their heads and I had to send help to them from14.