8.
HEALTH
.
1930
:
NARRATIVE S$ CTION.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.
The health in general of the school and reservation has been very
good during the past year with the exception of an epidemic of the
measles and numerous deaths on the reservation were due to improper
care and lack of medical attention and death usually occurred from
pneumonia complications. Our situation is now somewhat relieved as we
now have a regular physician to take charge of the improvised hospital
and we are endeavoring to secure the services of another physician,
who can qualify unded the Civil Service requirements, his work to be
largely in the field. The impe taga condition, which was prevalent
last year, is practically cleared up. Quite a number of tubepoulosis
patients were sent either to Laguna or Ft. Defiance, which is a long
ways from where most of our Indians live and Indians in the Star Lake
and Kimebeto country desire that a small sanatorium be placed somewhere
within the area where they live that it might be more assessable, with
the possibility of a better patronage than sanatoriums so far removed
from their homes. The necessity for a hospital is now before the
Indian Department and it is quite probable that 1932 will see an ap
propriation made by Congress especially for general hospital facili
ties in this Jurisdiction. The construction of the proposed hospital
here at this Agency is contingent on the development of more water.
There is still considerable eye trouble, especially among the
isolated Indians, and it seems to require a ground floor campaign
from hogan to hogan in order to find all the cases that need attention
and this should be done under direction of some trachoma specialist.
In the past our hospital facilities have not been ample for the
needs. of the school let alone for reservation Indians.
Venereal disease is prevalent and whenever& case is found
they are brought in for hospital treatment, tho some cases get to
be serious before we learn of them. Dr. Pousma of the Rehoboth Mis
sion hospital has made a number of blood tests which have been given
the Wasserman test, with the result that about one adult in seven
show a positive syphilitic condition, and should this ratio exist
over the entire reservation it certainly is an alarming situation.
A copy of his report has been mailed your office and deserves more
than passing attention.
The agency physician has given treatment to a number of cases
of ghonorrhea, but has made no blood tests to determine the presence
of syphilitic germs and has not administered neo- salvarsan treatment.
More physicians, as hereinbefore mentioned and such other personnel
necessary to keep in close touch with all of the adult Indians, is
the only solution in the promotion of a better health situation.
The Indians live over a large scattered area and there are but few
places that field matrons could work to advantage.
