Karen Rebolloso: I leave all my crazy and happy ways to theClass of' 83.Valentina Enos, and my room, so that when she' s a senior shecan have as much fun as I did, and I will always be rememberedby her.Franklin Tenorio: I leave power to my little brother. I hope hebecomes a good boxer.Merlinda Romero: I leave my room( 208) to Yvonne Valdez( Bonnie), Jackie Murphy and Karen Harvey( Hardfeet). I leavemy mirror to Sandy Garcia( Everclear) so he can look at himselfand fix his hair and say the Sandyman can. I leave my bed toAngie Jojola( Ralph) since she is always sleeping and freakingout. I leave my bombed up guitar to Chris Pena( Chrissy Poo) sohe can jam down and make his own weird songs. I leave all myother friends lots of luck for your future plans.Lorene Tenorio: I leave my writer' s cramp to whoever hasMoyers for humanities in their senior year.Thomas Tenorio: I leave my basketball shoes to Charles Corizand my nickname( Iceman) to whoever is the next Iceman.Pat Sandoval: 1 Pawish leave to all future players Coach Roybal... you can' t find a better coach anywhere. I leave my room( 111) to my little sister Valarie Lyon... don' t worry, the sink isout finally!!!Darlene Torres: I leave my cheerleader uniform to Miss" Hollywood ”, my high heels to Miss" Universe", and my curfew tardies to Violet Toledo. I leave my pens and pencils to my newlittle sister, my footprints all over the SFIS campus, my roomand top bunk to Trina when she comes to live in South. I leavemy broken furniture in the dorm to the repairman, my labwrite- ups to Tim Beckmon, and my chemistry test papers toRoy Townsend. I leave to Janice and Trina my track shoes andto my sweet wonderful roommate Michelle the songs “ TooMany Lovers"," Ice Castles ”, and “ Slow Hand"; to all seniorgirls the best of luck this weird world can offer. Take care, anddo it in a" FLASH"! And last but not least my best wishes toyou all especially to the class of' 83.Michelle Schildt: To Darlene Torres( my roommate) the song" Too Many Lovers" in rememberance of our friendship. ToStacy" Monzie" Mann, my snagging abilities in hopes shewould put them to good use( which I never did). To Myra JeanGarcia I leave my purple shoe strings and anything that has todo with St. Kate' s!! To my little sister Deana Williams my room( 104, bottom bunk) when she becomes a senior. To MartyLorenzo, my locker since he knows the combination. To ValPalmer I leave all the roaches by Wilfred' s office. To KeeraAbeyta my pipe since she is always misplacing hers. To Janiceand Trina I leave two ice cube trays since you get turned on byiceskating. To M. Frances Coriz I leave a year' s supply of Biclighters so she won' t have to ask everybody for matches. Tothe" Animals ”( 2nd Period Homeroom) all my Civics papers incase you all flunk! To the Senior girls the memory of 2nd nightdorm restriction. To the future senior class, my very bestwishes and the rest of you poor souls my friendship. “ Ya betyour sweet bahauncas!! ” to Marvin Lucero, in hopes he' ll continue my favorite saying!Shannon Townsend: I leave my cleanest room( 208) to whoevermoves in there.Roberta Trujillo: I leave my big big shoes and clothes to babyJoe( Robert Abeyta) and my name to all the big people who are6' 6" or taller.Eddie Velarde: I leave all pencils, pens and notebooks to Mr.Schultz, Ms. Fairbanks and Mr. Abeyta.Richard Sedillo: I leave my football jersey to whoever wants it.Elaine Zuni: I leave you everything I can' t take, especially mybooks and teachers. Lots of luck!Candy Suazo: I leave all my senior teachers to my little sisterAutographs