Section IV- INDUSTRIES( Cont'a).( a) At a few of our Pueblos at this time, we areseriously affected by Grasshoppers. Poisoning isbeing carried on systematically, and indicationsare that no serious losses will be sustained.( e) Practically all cereal and garden crops raisedat this Jurisdiction are consumed by the Indiansthemselves, Hay is practically the only productraised by these people and sold in any quantity.A ready market, at favorable prices, is had forthis crop( 1) Those Indians save their seed from year toyear.( 8) To maintain at two or three points on thisJurisdiction, cold- frames, where cabbage, tomato,chill and other plants are started. These plantsare given to the Indians free of charge, and theytransplant them in their gardens. Good resultsare secured from this activity.( 2) According to tradition, seod is kept by ourIndians from yoar ta year, and is not tested. Wehope to be able in time to teach them the desirability of improving their seed and to impross uponthem the fact that testing the seed before planting would be beneficial.3. We bave District Jarmors located at Espanola andat Taos, New Mexico, whose business it is to direct the individual efforts of the Indians farming. Fair results are being obtained in the Espanola District, where the Tarmer is interestedand makes an earnest effort along these lines. In the Taos Disetrict, the farmer is ineffective, and only mediocre results areobtained.4. Practically all able bodied male adults of thisJurisdiction engage in farming and are self- sppporting.05. Tith a few exceptions, the Indians of the jurisdiction are fairly well equipped with machinery. There are anumber of instances however, where their machinery is in poorrepair, and must soon be replaced. Threshing machines arebadly needed at the Pueblos of Nambe and Picuris, and we hopeto fill these noods in some manner during the coming fall.( a) In recent years, some livestock, includingpurobrod bulls, and a few small flocks of sheephave been purchased for individuals of the jurisdiction on the Reimbursable plan. In every instanco these purchases have provon beneficial tothe recepients.