OUR CLASS WILL
I, Sherwood Numkena, do hereby will my fancy walking to Fidel Archuleta.
But don' t walk too fancy, Fidel, you might make all the girls swoon.
I, Connie Cata, do bequeath my pigtails to Mildean Johnson, Remember
Jitterbug, I don' t dye mine with rouge.
I, Richard Hooma, will my love making ability to Franklin Hooma. Bu
remember to pick a girl who won' t peeve you, Frankie.
I, Jeanette Clark, do will and bequeath my dimples to Reyos Coriz.
Make sure you smile especially big for the boys.
I, Carmelito
Romero, will my love making ability to Edward Aguilar. Be
sure you carry a handkerchief
in case you make her cry..
I, Grace Sanchez, will my smart air conditioned
shoes to Rose Lucero,
but don t let the boys
call you: Star". That' s one thing
I won' t give,
I, Laura Raye., bequeath my jitterbugging
ability to Margaret Chavez.
but don' t dance with Louise. I want her in one piece when I come to
dance with her..
I, Edwin Smith, will my football suit to all the San Ildefonso boys.
Try your gest, boys, to go good.
I, Lucy Avila, da bequeath my big brown eyes to Tonita Shije, Hope
you' ll know when and how to use them.
I, Manuel Guiterrez, bequeath my dancing ability to Sammy Cooper.
Hope you learn to do the Zumba and the Rhumba like I do.
I, Carolyn, Tofoya, do will my bed to my home girls. Be sure to have
plenty of covers so you won' t get cold,
I, Madeline Martinez, do will my nickname to Margaret Martinez.
( Moonshine) Remember to treat all the Nava jo boys nice.
I, Esther Velarde, will my quietness
and shyness to Louise Cata.
Remember I rema in quiet when I am told to.
I, Dorothy Monarco, will my swift and smooth walking to Molly
Archuleta. Take it easy, Molly.
I, Florentino
Romero, will my Turkey walk to clifford Chee. You
better net use the name Turkey though. Maybe" Tucky" will de, eh.
I, Clara Keedah, will my unabridged mind to Madeline Cata. Don' t let
the folks call you" Smarty pants."
I, Edward Archuleta, will my Gregory Peckish looks to all the Laguna
boys. Don' t let the girls peeve you though.
I, s ella Trujillo, bequeath
my painting
ability
to the Coohiti
Sang.
Be on the alert, folks, so you wontt make any mistakes.
I, Wsley Nash, will my curly hair to Joe Toledo.
I, Rosarita Lujan, will my casing spot to Florence Gomez. Remember to
hide when they are looking
for you.
asa
