Thraph
TITITI
GALLUP AND VICINITY INDUSTRIALLY AND
AGRICULTURALLY
Gallup, altitude 6506, population 5500, is the
marketing place and distributing center for an area
that probably comprises 15,000 square miles. This
area will soon be greatly increased by the building
of a railroad from Durango, Colorado, to Gallup,
opening up the San Juan Valley, the most fertile
and productive region in the Southwest. Three of
the largest wholesale houses in New Mexico are
located at Gallup.
Five agricultural districts find their markets
at Gallup: The Zuni Mountain District; the Ramah
District; the Whitewater District; the Žuni Indian
District and the Lyman Dam District, in Arizona.
These districts total approximately 45,000 acres,
the majority of which is cultivated land.
Over 25,000 head of live stock range in the
territory contiguous to Gallup, while thousands of
sheep furnish immense clippings of wool for eastern
markets cach year.
Lumbering is an extensive industry in Mc.
Kinley County. The McGaffey Company and the
McKinley Land and Lumber Company are two of
the largest mills in the Southwest, exceeding in size
and volume of business, any mills in New Mexico
The lumber milled is a high grade of yellow pine.
The Santa Fe Railroad has its division point at
Gallup, employing about five hundred inen, and has
an annual payroll of approximately$ 1,000,000. Gal.
lup ranks third on the Coast Lines of the Santa Fe
system in total tonnage of freight handled during a
year.
From a manufacturing standpoint Gallup has
just begun to progress. It is now confined to brick
making,, lime burning, etc. The fire clay found in
this vicinity is equal to the finest in the country,
and is especially adapted for pottery manufacturing.
High grade limestone is also found in this vicinity.
Gallup has three newspapers, and four churches.
A splendid school system exists, and just recently
a Hundred Thousand Dollar High School has been
completed.
The entire business district is paved, and by
the end of 1922 this improvement will be extended
to practically all of the residential district.
There is an abundance of water, and a good
electric lighting system.
대도
THIŢITITITITITI?'. T
BATAAS
Typical Design Navajo Blanket
