Jerome TafoyaNatasha Taylor96ragyFirst of all I' d like to thank the Creator andall my family for always being there for me.For my coaches thank you for pushing me todo my best in my schoolwork and running.For the buddies that will still be here, keepup the running spirit and work hard to be thebest that you can be. Last but not least theclass of 2005 thank you for all the goodtimes you gave me. Everyone stay cool and Ihope you fulfill all your hearts desires. WEMADE ITmSCthREyaTASaSFISEdcanthnethJamie TenorioJoclyn Kendra TenorioHey waz up to my SENIOR classmates and everyone else. First of all, I would like to thank my twobest friends in the whole world, Elvina and Lei Lani.Thanks chicks for being there when I needed someone to hug or just laugh with. To my Abu Allen,Love You baby and thanks for always being therefor me! I would also like to acknowledge Socks, JR,Chris, Marcus, Malcolm, Leon, and Buddah, withoutyou guys high school wouldn' t have been as fun.Thanks guys. I would like to thank the two bestEnglish teachers EVER, Guerin and Phelps foralways encouraging me. To Seatha, thanks foralways helping me with everything. To Dirks, I willnever forget your kindness and my first year in highschool in your class, thanks Dirks.JENNY, remember" DON' T LOOK!" I wouldlike to give a special thanks to my familyand pets, without them I wouldn' t bewhere I am right now. To my grandma,LOVE YOU and thanks with all my heart. Iwould like to thank everyone who hasmade my four years of high schoolGREAT!! Class of 2005, WE DID IT!!" Learn from thepast, plan for the future, live in the present."- LaoTzu.First of all I would like to say a big thanks to mymom for working here and being able to go onmunchie runs for me, thanks for always beingthere! I LOVE U MOMMY! To Wil Garcia thanks foreverything. To my family thanks for all your wordsof encouragement and advice, I LUV ya' ll. I wouldalso like to thank all my teachers for all their goodteaching, I am now prepared. To coach Seathaand Patrice, it was an honor playing for two of thebest coaches. To Adrianne, Jenni, and Janinethanks for all the laughs and crazy times, you guyshave one more year, make the best of it, Love ya' ll.To my real friends Manda, Dana, and Liz,thanks for all the fun times and friendship. Last but not least to D, thanks foralways being there when I needed youmost, and for always finding a way tomake me smile, you know I LUV ya. Tothe Illest class of 2005, we made it! I wishall of you the best of luck. See ya' llaround. I' m out!MSCCblodaSAoftсоMyotyobeHey guys! Mom, Dad, siblings, family andfriends! I just wanted to tell you guys thanksfor pushing me to do my best and for not giving up on me. For all the advice I got fromdifferent people, I took most of it, Love yaguys. To all my teachers, especially Mr.Martinez, Mrs. S. Ms. Guerin and to thecoolest counselors, Dorthy and Mrs.Schubauer for your words of wisdom and forgetting me through this year. Thanks! But ofcourse to all my friends, Jan, Ryan, Ung andeverybody I talked to and laughed with( youknow who you are). EspeciallyNikki and Christine. Thanks youguys for all those laughs andremember all those crazy times.Stay cool everybody! Class of' 05,we made it this far because wehelped each other the whole way.Good luck in the future years andstrive to succeed. Always rememit,thaesanсоEL SFISthaSFIS3ThthepatosuPaul TenorioDerrick ToledojurofwaTSbedeFirst of all I would like to thank God forall that he has done for me. I would like tothank my family and relatives for pushingme to do my best, my mom Lorena who isalways there for me; I couldn' t have madeit without her. My sponsor Phil who toldme to," Always try your hardest." To allmy teachers from grades nine throughtwelve: thank you for putting up with me.For staff: thanks for all that you havedone for me, and to all my friends: thanksfor being there and makingmy high school year' s memorable. To all the seniors:Party Time!! I hope everyonefinds what they want in life,remember to keep it pimpin'.What do I want out of high school? Everything!could' ve ever wanted I got. I went from just another punk causing trouble for everyone I didn' t like,to just another teen in love. What else can I saybesides I' ve been there and done that! Now I' mready to move on and do it all over again but inanother place and time. Over the years I' veencountered many problems as well as some goodtimes. I want to thank all the boyz, Spyke, Ja,Lunchbox, Allen, Wolf, Chris and Arley for hangingwith me till the end. I thank you to big bro, Rock,little bro, Zack, cousin PFC King, as well as mymom and dad for always having my back. To allthe teachers; Phelps, Guerin, Kambeitz and all theother teachers who helped me to the end. I hope!left an impression on ya' ll. We struggled to survive, but now we' re known as the class of 2005. I' ma sign off with the quote that I live by," FEAR isonly a four letter word!" JHsctirscheAУсIկիmheCorey TrujilloAmanda Tsosie20IWtoralvingREyedneyeadbelAs I am sitting here I am wondering if I amgoing to pass. I would like to thank all the people that helped me and encouraged me to domy best. I especially want to thank all of my" Walatowa" pals that made SFIS full of laughsand memories. Last but not least, I want tothank my mom, grandma, and daddy Herbertfor encouraging me to do the best I can andnever give up. Thanks to Kerwin my brotherwho also kept me on the go and gave me a lecture before going back to school. That reallymeant a lot. Also to the class of 2005, best ofluck in the future, thanks for makingmy SFIS years the best!" Sometimesyour best friends are your worst enemies: sometimes your worst enemy isyour best friend". Bob MarleythryolinstameandatirmeknSF/ S2ofnelOwSFIS