Hopi 5.
SECTION II- HEALTH.
1.
General Health Conditions are good.
2. Last Winter we lost many Indians, young and old, in
epidemics of flu and Pneumonia. We had many cases, both
in the sohools and in the homes.
orn
Noth
3. We still continue to improve on sanitary conditions,
though a critic would still say the conditions are bad.
We see a marked improvement each year under our efforts and
with the assistance of the field ma trons and nurses. If
we had two hustling physicians we would be able to make
a greater and more effecting showing each year.
Our four field ma trons are located at points only
adjacent to Hopi Villages and we are gutting fine
results through their efforts. The Navajos, unfortunately,
have no field matrons.
b. We greatly need field matrons or field nurses to work
among the Navajos as well as among the Hopis. We would
do great work if we had them and why are they not
entitled to them as well as the Hopi? The Navajos are
kindly people, greatly influenced by good women.
8. Whave one physician, located at Oraibi, who takes
splendid interost in Tuberculosis and Trachoma, but he
has no way of hand ling the casos excepting at the Indian
homes. This makes his work negligible. The present physi
foian at Keams Canon apparently has no interest in eye work
and never gets in a case in his hospital of his own
initiative. We could do much more work of that kind here.
There should be a small sanatorium located at Oraibi,
that place being 45 miles west from here.+
d. It would not be practicable to establish tent
hospitals here on account of the severe winter weather.
We have had them in the summer time here, as this summer.
Dr. Ross, with his outfit, on special Trachoma work
on this reserve this summer has made a splendud showing and
done wonderful work among both the Hopis and Navajos, It
is expected we will have covered this reserve by time
Hinter Comos. It is one of the finest things ever happening
to or done for these Indians. lan we expect follow- up
work by competent nurses? It is necessary 11 the proper
and lasting results in this Trachoma Work is gotten.
The only prevention to 100 per cent. efficiency in
our Hospital Work is that we have a young physician who
does not take proper interest in getting his hospital
full and operating under" high- peak" loads. We have all
kinds of cases he should handle with no effort, apparently,
to either get them in the hospital or attend to them
in the homes of the Indians, I feel that our hospital
nhy. See
me armu
CHO
