Leupp Indian School& AgencyLepp, AонаNarrative. Law& Order,Continued.Marriage and divorce are generally according to the Indian customeven when the parties are educated, and the State laws are not complied with to any extent. Legislation to compel such compliance isvery necessary. The frequent marriages and separations according toIndian custom are very confusing, and detrimental to a degree.Of all the various means used to civilize the Indian religiousinstruction would appear to be among the most important. Such instruction should begin in childhood to be successful. And with the Indianas with the white child, it does. The superstitions and witchcraft ofthe Indian are instilled in the children at a tender age, and as theproportion of children being educated is small, the outlook for ageneral christianizing of the Navajo is not bright. The practicalchristianity that would search out in the hogans the aged and sickand poor and needy and minister to their helplessness and distress,would be appreciated and welcomed by the Navajo. But most of theefforts to christianize are confined to the schools where the childrenare comfortably housed, clothed and fed, and their religious instructionundenominationally provided for. Irefer to the Government schools.The whole question of liquor and drugs has been settled bythe stringent state legislation of the past few years. No furtherlegislation is necessary. Peyote is unknown to these Indians, and theymake no intoxicating beverages. It must be too that these Indiansknow about tiswin as they are friendly to the Apaches and the languageis practically the same. They visit a great deal and I have neverbeen able to account for their not making this drink,Either the Indians here are not gambling much or the policeare very careful not to see them when they do. No cases have beenreported to me for a long time. While I do not believe there is nogambling among these Indians I do not think the evil is widespread.The police do the best they can but work under adverse corcumstances. They are poorly paid. One Captain$ 25. Four privates$ 20.And they work under conditions of considerable uncertainty of authority. The authority of the Indian Police is not respected as muchas it used to be by the Indians, and I think the Indians are gettinga little out of hand in this regard. It is a hard proposition and onebound to come up in the progress of the Indian to greater intelligence. And it is difficult to see how the situation can be much improved without heavy expenditure. I think the Indians could bereasonably called upon to provide the means to employ their own civilofficers. If they were called on to elect them to they wouldpossibly then see that they attended to their duty.