O
The uits offered limited opportunity for the learning of the ne
cessary arithmetie; so much suplementary work was giron. Much reading,
other than that required in the units pas done. Interest in and knowledge of
ourront affairs has gained through roading My Woolly Roador." Letters
voro exchanged with pupils from another school. Much work was done in pro
paration for and in writing the school newspaper, one edition of twenty- six
pagos.
Various parties and pionies throughout the your served to broaden the
children socially. The chiot aim behind all the work that the children did
Tas to give the same thing that could be applied directly or indirectly
to their present and future work, whether that work be in a moro advanced
school or on the resortation.
Homo Economics-
Home economics' instruction was carried on for the 5th, 4th, 3rd, and
adult pupils of the 2nd grados. The work in cooking, sering, and hane
making put special emphasis on the noods of the Marajo girls at home and
school. Numerous parties were given to holp dotelop the courteous social
behavior of the boys and girls.
Art-
In the art olassos during the school year of 1932-33, 218 children
were taught. Those children came from the second, third, fourth, and fifth
grades. The subject mattor studied included color, construction, ro
presentation, design, lettering poster design, art in dross, interior
decoration, and picture appreciation.
Originality in drawing was encouraged and the copying of illustrations
vas done only as a means of developing skill to be used later in original
work.
Besides striving to dovelop an appreciation of art through the
presentation of a few basic principles, special emphasis was placed upon
the study and appreciation of the art of the Southwestern Indians. Our
air in the study of Navaho art was to develop appreciation of old Navajo
designs and improve the designs used in modern blankets. Some time was
given to the study of the designs of the Pueblo Indians to give the
Navajo Imowledge and appreciation of the art of his neighbors.
Music, 1st to 5th Grades, inolusivo-
Pirst Grad. D.
1. Roto Sanga: Due to the age of the children in this grade, short
easy songs from the Kindergarten and First Grade Books more chosen. Songs
of school, home, special days, nature, and songs correlating with other
school wits vero loarned. This included about forty songs. Individual
and group singing was carried out. Imitative and other exercises Toro
given to correct monotones. Al but one out of five monotonos wore curod.
2. Rhythmic Development: Rhythm was expressed through dinging games,
folk dancos, and songs expressing some form of rhythm, as running, skipping,
