( c) sheep raising appears to be the chief activity for
the future. The raising of cattle has not proved profitable.
( a)) At present the stock of white men on the Reservation
has been annoying the Indians considerably and proving detri
mentali to their best interests. The sto ckman has been giving
close follow up to this matter. In future it is thought that
the policy should be in some cases at least to bring legátm
action against trespassers through the United States District
Attorney.
The Indians willi utilize all the range lands and are rent
ing range to some extent outside of the Reservation. For the
improv erment of live stock. belonging to the Indians there is not
a sufficient number of high grade sires. The number, however,
istingpeasing from year to year. This Reservation has no team
a herd.
Conditions on this Reservation are not favorable for car
rying on the dairy industry.
( a) II have no plans to suggest to further it among the 86
Indians as the industry would not be prof itable The dairy
herd is kept at the school, and it consists of thirteen well
bred Holsteins.
( b) This herd has just been acquired. It is purposed
to make it an observation lesson to the Indians to the great
est possible degree in addition to having its use for the
Boarding and Day Schools and undernourished children on the
Reservation. The matter of Indians having funds for the pur
chase of milk cows is of no consequence to the people of this
jurisdiction as the grasing is so scant in the vicinity of
their homes that the cattle could not be kept in inclosed
pastures ad to buy feed for them would be prohibitive.
Other industries among the Indians are primarily the mak
ing of pottery and wampum bead work, blanket weaving is not
practiced to any extent. They do a little of this work, but
their product is not equal to that of the Navajo.
The work of the returned student corapares very favorabi)
with other Indians. I think he as a rule out- classes the av
erage returned student from surrounding Reservations..
Except during severe winter weather the time of the farmer
and stock- man is spent out on the Reservation among the Indians:
instructing them in their industries and stock- raising activities.
- 13
