A2 OAnnual ReportThe school hospital meets the most urgent need forcarrying on the medical or health work at the school. Theincrease in the personnel at the hospital has been the meansof the hospital functioning well in the health program for schoolsand now that the hospital has been reasonably well equipped, thereis no reason why it should not continue to function wellSection 111- schoolsA very satiſfactory relationship exists between thepublic, parochial schools of San ta Fe and the Indian schoolOne of the Indian boys who has completed the course of studyat the Indian School attends high school in Santa Fe. Maryathletic contests between these schools take place and a veryfriendly feeling between the echools existsNeeds of the School: School plant. An additionalgirls' building and a shop buildingare very much needed.Justifications for which have been submitted. The bakery wascompleted during the summer and greatly relieves a conditionthat has existed for some time. The baker, however, is not thebest. Everything possible has been done to help him to keepthe bakery in better order, Recommendations have been madeby home economics supervisors and this office, in regard tothis depar trentA new boiler was so installed in the boiler house and anadditional snoke stack added which made a decided increase inthe efficiency of the heating systemThe old hospital was converted during the winter,and spring, into homeeconomics quarters, most of the work ofwhich was done by school labor. The carpenters have made individual cases for the girls, and everything is in readiness forthe building to be occupied at the opening of school in September. To appreciate fully just what has been done to thisbuilding, one must have known the building before the work ofremodeling was begun. I feel that this building now rankswith the bestA poultry house is nearing completion. It will ac.commodate 200 chickens and this work will be under the directionof the home economics departmentThe employees club building will be remodeled thisyear, the left wing of the boys' old dormitory will be made intoquarters for enployees, and when the two new cottages are cormpleted, there should be ample quarters