1
1
1
( 6)
The Navajo Indian Police, of which numbers have been recruited from
time to time, have no real sense of their reason for employment.
Generally they are dominated by the medicine men and olāsters of the
tribe. They are worse than inefficient, because for the most part
they are not to be trusted. I make this statement notwithstand ing
what superintendent this or that may say in a mealy- mouthed effort
to stand in with his Indians. The money paid to Indian Police
generally in the Southwest, for salaries, food, clothing, and pony
forage, is money thrown away. There is no commensurate result.
And when trouble of a serious nature impends, a Navajo superintendent
is lucky if his own police do not oppose him. This has occurred
at Moqui, and it will be recalled that the Navajo Indian police of
the Western Navajo Indian Agency did not arrest, or have any hand
in the matter of the Indian who was killed resisting authority.
When a Navajo Superintendent really wants something in the nature
of law and order DONE, he either attends to it personally or sends
a white man with several Indian Police as supports. This policy
has its dangerous side. And with the advent of cheap whiskey,
the dangers are multiplying with each week.
Therefore, as it is every day demonstrated that Indian Police are
ineffective, the only rememdy that can be suggested is to supply their
place by some other effective forceful means. One or two or three
ununiformed Liquor Service officers would be cat- meat for the usual
500 Navajo Indians at a Dance, held at points 100 to 150 miles from
any additional help or authority. The Liquor officers know this.
Chief Special Officer Larson, who left this Agency only a few days
ago, thoroughly understands and appreciates the situation.
effective remedy that should be invoked is the one that is not
invoked. The military forces should never have been withdrawn from the
Navajo country, and the sooner the uniform is back the better it will
be for the peace of the Indian Office, Indian Agents, Indian Traders,
Missionaries, and ALL decent peaceably inclined Indians of both the
Navajo and Hopi tribes. The courts are not interested in these
troubles, and besides, it is always necessary to catch the Indian
and present him in court. The Indian Court is a farce. It is a
double farce, because its act cannot begin until the Indian Police
present the chief comedian, which, as stated above, the Indian Police
cannot be relied on to do; therefore the second act is always missing.
There is no great indication that the Federal Court will severely
punish an uneducated Indian who has done nothing more than become
probably dangerous through the stimulation of cheap booze.
Apparently we must have tragedy before any action will be taken.
This tragedy is being staged in the Navajo desert, and will be enacted
whenever the Indian is stimulated to the proper point.
As to other offenses, the Navajo should sense a strong hand in
dealing with his numerous horse and cattle stealings, his medicine men
should be restricted, and his tendency toward gambling( supported by
theft) should be punished. The Hopi should be prosecuted for bigamy
