2009
Kirsten Gachupin Zia Pueblo
We finally did it!! Yipee!! LOL. First of all I would like to thank
my family for always being there for me and for pushing me to do
my best. And to my friends you know who you are thanks for all
the laughs and memories. To my lil sis have fun its gonna go by
fast, keep yuour head in the books... NO boys lol and to my
" PRINCE" thanks for all the good times. I' m gonna miss ya.
Stay Fresh and Neva Back Down babe. To the underclassmen you
got a few more years have a blast while it lasts. haha R. I. P
" ROYCE" wish you was here to see me graduate... much love...
W
atteet
Samantha Garcia Santo Domingo Pueblo
! OMG! I can' t believe it' s finally here, I never imagined it to come by so
fast. GRADUATION DAY! Wow, a graduate, I can finally call
myself. I want to acknowledge my mommy and family who have taken a
huge part in my education. They have been by my side since day one
always stating," Sam, I better see an A." Thank you for always
pushing me. I made it mommy! Lacey and Goof, Thank you both for
always being there for me. You two have been my main inspiration to
succeed in life and continue doing my best. I' m always here for you
both. Love you two infinity much! Aileen, you crazy chick. good luck at
ASU. Be the star you are. I love you! Remember the times in silver...
HAHA! And to my friends who made high school fly: Leslie, Johnny,
Lanaeda, Tiffany S., Luwanna, Jamita, D' yonni, Abby, Eeya, Dove,
Julian, and Kurt. Congrats and good luck to my fellow graduates.
Shadie Gasper
Zuni
Well guys we finally did it!! Congrats to the class of" 09". To the
ones I love the most: My Fiddle Faddle( Tiff), Brad, Lu, Sam, Eyaa,
and the rest of my friends you know who you are thanks for all the
laughs, smiles, exciting, crazy moments we' ve had during high school.
Love all you guys! To my family thanks for all the support and love
couldn' t have done it with out you guys. To my second mothers Jill,
Renee, and cant forget about Dee thanks for all the crazy, fun,
thrilling memories we had. To Keshia, Jenine, Day, Dedra thanks for
making 2nd floor fun and full of laughter. Good luck and take care
I' ll miss all you guys!!! BEST WISHES TO THE CLASS OF
2009!!!!
Christian Gering San Felipe Pueblo
You know what... THANKS... I would like to give my thanks to all my friends,
especially, Kieffer Nez. My roc boys Keiffer Nez and G. Bird for all the good times.
Some other thanks would be to the crew close to my heart. You know who you are.
Your the best crew... In the whole world. To infinity and beyond.
My Mom: Thank You
My Dad: Thank You
My Bro: Thank You
My G- Parents: Thank You
Seniors' 09 Swooo!
19
