CircularNo. 2316NorthernPueblos AgencyAnnualReportSanta Fe, N. M.NARRATIVE SECTIONSection 1Law and ord or1. The Northern Pueblos Indian Agency is occupying rented quarters and owne no buildings in Santa Te. A rentalof$ 800.00 per anmum is paid for office quarters,$ 420.00for warehouse, and$ 240.00 for garage. There is and hasbeen no Federal building in which we could obtain quarters,although there are two in Santa Fe. At the present timethere is talk of an addition to the present Tederal building. Even if this materializes and an addition to thepost office building or Federal building is built, I fearthat it will not provide sufficient quarters for thisagency, which in addition to office rooms needs a warehouse, an oil room, and shop building. There is availablein this city at the present time, a building that could bebought that would answer this purpose.A warehouse andshop would have to be built on the lot, which is large andample. There would be quarters for the superintendent,chief clerk, property clerk, stenographer, end generalmechanic. The amount that is paid now for rental and thereduction in salaries paid employees would amount to morethan the interest on the investment. Not only this, butthis property would not depreciate in value but increasein value.2. The member of employees at this agency is sufficient,providing that the present truckman be retained. He isnow employed as an irregular laborer: he is a valuable mannot only as an automobile and truck driver, but 18 usefulin many other way.. I have recomended that a position beestablished covering his employment.3. The maintaining of order among the Pueblos is not avery serious question inasmuch as the Pueblos are fairlywell behaved. In a few of our pueblos they are more orless given to drink and this is one of the hardestquestions that we have to deal with. Inasmuch as thePueblos are not subject to the laws of the state of NemMexico, but to the Federal law, it is somewhat of a handicap. The Federal lax does not cover many of the offenseswhioh occur in the pueblos. Consequently the Pueblos axe