Section 3
- Law and Order( Cat'a).
The Federal Buildings here and in this vicinity are those oroctod
for this jurisdictim.
If the Agency work is kept within its present scope the foreo as at
present authorised v 11 handle the work. As you know the sheep industry i.
the main industry of the Nava jos. Their flooks have increased from your to
year to the extent that the ranges- the Navajo Tronty and beautive Order
reservations; also the 150,000 acres leased from the Santa Fe Tailroad
Company, are overstocked. The remedy to correct this condition to some ox
tent is at hand, and that is to direct the attention of the Indians to agri.
culture. While this is not a farming country, the reservation has a large
area of land in the higher altitudes that receive considerable rainfall
during the summer months and a heavy snowfall during the winter months, which
holds out the hope that shart season fodder crops and winter grain( barley,
wheat and rye) can be raised to enable the Indians to feed their fooks
during the winter season. Ve should employ a competent farmer, a man who is
able to stand on his own feet, to make experiments in this territory and
determine as to what crops can be most successfully grown in this territory.
A man who is competent to carry on this work will demand at least a salary
of$ 1,800 per annum. There is urgent need for this development and it should
receive the serious consideration of your Office. I have made several reports
on this subject to the Office, but as yet I have not received my advice
that it is being considered.
No difficulty has been experienced in maintaining proper order upon the
reservation in a general way as the Navajos as a class are law abiding
people. There is some liquor finding its way on to the reservation, which
is causing difficulty. I am covering this matter under another bāragraph.
Criminal offenses committed by Indians on the reservation are handled
in the Federal Court. If committed off the reservation, in the State
Courts. Misdemeanor cases are handled in the Court of Indian Offenses.
Existing Federal and State laws fully meet our needs.
The dances of the Navajos are of a religious nature- helping the sick;
prayers for rain, etc. These dances and ceremonies are held during the fall
months, and come at a time when they do not interfere with the work. As far
as I have observed there is nothing objectionable to these customs, other
than it does retard the advancement of the Indians. Education will, in time,
correct these conditions.
Up to January 1, 1925, licenses were issued by the Super intendent on
the old Government form, and the ministers performing the marriage ceremony
certified on this form that the marriage had been performed in accordance
with the State law, while in fact it was a common law marriage, an agreement
to live together as man and wife. Since my incumbency the Indians marry in
accordance with the State la license issued by the Clerk of the County
Superior Court and placed on record by the County Recorder. There were 26
such marriages during the past fiscal year. There are also marriages by
common consent in the outlying districts where we have no supervision. We
have heard of several such unions and steps have been taken to bring such
couples to the Agency and have them marry in accordance with the State law,
