39- Hopiwork and we are co- operating with him to the fullest extent. Oursheep look finely at this writing. We take sheep for dipping feeswhen Indians do not have money, and use the sheep at our schoolsfor meat. Agriculturally our reservation looks fine. This springhas been the most favorable for crops that I have seen in my eightyears' work here. Crops are this writing could not be better.Continual showers guarantee good crops. At least one- third moreacreage in crops has been planted over acreage of past years. TheIndians are also trying new crops-- barley, potatoes, etc. Conditionsare very encouraging at this writing. Many fields are not fenced,because of being new, but many have posts up waiting the arrival ofa carload of barbed wire to be issued on the reimbursable plan,Two hundred new bucks were purchased last year, andturned into flocks from which all old bucks had been entirelyeliminated. The results have caused great enthusiasium among theseamong those owners and created an insistent demand for more bucksfor other districts. We will purchase 350 bucks this year anddistribute them on the same plan. We allow the Indians to payfor the bucks by eliminating the use of beeſ in our schools andpurchasing mutton entirely. Most of the bucks are paid for thefirst year under this plan. This plan also rids the reservation ofmany useless sheep and goats.The matter of purchasing and handling some needed newstallions and jacks for the Indians was discussed with the Conmissionerat Ft. Wingate and a plan evolved whereby each agency was topurchase what stock it could, handling it in the way which woulabring best results in an effort to find out what could eventuallybe done. We will do our part in carrying out this plan, and amsure the Indians will aid us all they can.While there were few lambs sold the past year, most ofthem being carried over, we are doing nicely and having no troubleon that account. By eating more sheep we are getting along finely.Grazing conditions are good, and we are not carrying enough surplusstock to hurt the grazing. Additional water development has helpedthe grazing situation considerably. As it is now our rainy seasonwe are not worrying about this matter.Mbo. Wm. Zeh, of the Forestry Department, will makeadditional survey this surmer; so will wr. Foster, of the BiologicalSurvey, in an effort to assist us to get rid of our rodents mostlyprairie dogs.We do not contemplate any allotting work or land sales