Seniors
Dan
Trev
it an
there
Sean
gonn
Lanaeda Tortalita Santo Domingo Pueblo
To the Class of 2009! We finally made it! Now it is our time to step up on that
stage and shine! This is to my family, friends, teachers, and staff at SFIS who
have all been there for me in times of need and support. To you I say thank you
for giving me your time when you could have been doing something else. To my
grandma, mom and sister I want to take this time to say how much I so
appreciate everything you have done for me to get where I am now. Without the
love and care from you all I could have not made it on my own. To my little
brother and sister I love you guys so much and without you life would be so
boring lol to my best friend Angela who is always there in good times or bad
you' ll always be my best friend, will never forget all the great laughs and
moments we had together love ya! To Sam G. my last roomie of my high school
years thanks for being the good friend that you are will always remember the fun
and silly memories we had in rm. Last but not least to my grandpa up above I
know you' ll always be looking down on us I just want to say I LOVE YOU and
miss you so much I wish you were here to see me graduate You' ll always be in our
hearts. CONGRATS again to the CLASS OF 2009! We did it!
1 Ca
Calvin Trujillo" CJ" Ohkay Owingeh
expe
I am finally out of here! I' d like to thank my family for year
always pushing me to do my best. I especially want to thank
love
my mom for not having a life and always being there for me
and my brother Weer and Ike for motivating me to do what the lo
I needed to do. Thanks to all the teachers for teaching me play
skills I need for my future. I want to throw a shout out to all
my buddies: Bear, James, J- Nar, Duuhh, Cate', Short
you
Stack, Scoot, Kasero, Lawrence, Alex R., Dirb, Grib,
every
Jizzy, Uriah, Abby, Greg, Rock, April A., April Jg.
mom Grimley, Castia, all you others. I' m out
lovej of here! Peace out!
Gregory Valencia" Greg" San Felipe Pueblo
I would like to acknowledge a special thanks to all the staff and
teachers who have helped me throughout my years. To mi mom
Y mi papa, I love the both of you for pushing me this far, but
you guys have told me that it doesn' t end here. So I' m going to
ASU to find the right path that I' m going to journey with. To
my babe!!!! D' Yonni, thanks for always being there for me when
I needed you and thanks for all the laughs that you gave to the
SF crew. LOL. Well last but not least, thanks to all the people
who have come into my life, not afraid to talk or say hi. Hope
you al have a wonderin time in high school. What can I say!!!
We did it SENIORS! YAY! Adios Amigos, Amigas, and to all
the young guns, I' m outtie!=)
Julian Valencia San Felipe Pueblo
First of all I want to thank my family especially my parents,
for supporting me and pushing me to go to school everyday. I
wouldn' t be here if I didn' t have the support and love of my
family. As for the" Class of 2009" WE DID IT! Thanks for
making these past years in high school the best. I wish the best
of luck to all of you and keep yourself safe. I' m going to miss
the" Class of 2009" and all the times we all had through good
and bad times. We are the" Class of 2009" and we finally
going into the" REAL WORLD"
GOOD LUCK SENIORS!!!!!!!!!
of 200
32
