or innocence of the defendant is determined and a careful record of thoentire caso is proparod by the clerk. The next case is thon callod, wheresimilar procedure is followed. From time to time throughout the session,the judges and clork review the cases which have been tried, with thesuperintendent or principal, as the case may be, depending upon the districtin which court is being hold, and sentence is determined. Ordinarily, theJudges' decision in this rogard is allowed to stand, although such decision18 quite often tempered one way or the othor at the suggestion of the reviewingofficer. The court thon pronounces son tence. All business of conductingthe court, except in the review of casos, is conducted before an open court.It might be stated that minor ofronses and settlement of olightdirt iculties are handlod by the officers of the difforent Chapter districts,which oficers set as a court regard ing such cases. Those tried before theChapter court have the right of appeal to the Indian court, and from theIndian court to the superintendent. Those courts function in such manneras moots the satisfaction of the Navajas. They all seem to highly appreciatethe procedure followed and the results obtained.9.The following religious denominations are represented on thereservation: • Presbyterian, Christian Reformed, Catholic, Episcopalian,The Presbyterians maintain a boarding school of 150 capacity, a hospital of75- bed capacity, and five field community stations. At two of theso stationsfield nurses are employed. In addition to this they have churches at thediferent centers.The Christian Reformed people have a boarding school and hospital within theJurisdiction but off the reservation. They also have field workers andmaintain three churches.The Catholics maintain headquarters at St. Michaels, Arizona for the FranciscanFathers, who operate throughout the Navajo country. They also maintain a300 capacity school at this place. In addition to which a day school andfield nurse station are maintained at Lukachukai, Arizona. There are a greatnumber of Catholic churches, and quite a number of field workers. It appearsthat adequate facilities are provided to promote the religious welfare of theIndians of this jurisdiction. In this connection I might add that we arevery fortunate in having a group of missionaries who are earnestly strivingto aid the Nava jos in various ways, and who are accomplishing a great deal ofgood. Furthermore, each group shows much interest in the Government'sprogram of work on the reservation, and cooperates in a most satisfactorymanner with my staff in carrying out our program. I have experienced no difficulty with any of the missionary workers since being in charge of this jurisdiction, and I am very grateful for the splendid spirit of sincerity andcooperation given at all times.I wish to make special mention of the very excellent work carriedon at the Ganado Mission School and Hospital. The training afforded the youngmen and women, which includes a full high school course, is of the best thecountry affords. The service rendered the Nava jo people at the 75- bedhospital is of extraordinary worth, and is highly appreciated by the Navajasand by the Government force.I also wish to make special mention of the highly efficient trainingbeing af forded the 300 children at the St. Michaels Boardi ng School which is- 6-