PROGRAM FOR FISCAL YEAR, 1939
DOUSTRIAL DEVELOPERS
TARMIC:
During the season of 1982, much Improvement la farning
song tho Nata jos of this jurisdiction has been accomplished.
lacroased acreage with better methods, the use of more implements
replacing the band work that has been prevalent among them for
generations 18 destined to improve the general economic condition
of those people for the next coneration.
Ina amuch as nearly the entire Navajo population remains
on the reservation, and on Indian Service- controlled territory.
and do not enter into vocations other than sheep raisine, silver
mithing and weaving, it is laperative that they be encouraged
to do more generel farning. By these means they would be placed
in position to make their own living. liowever, the roager preci
pitation makes the yield of crop Tory uncertain. The buving
feature of the Navajo from an sonnonic standpoint will be the
development of water sources for irrigation.( See section on
hange Management.)
It would be very desirable to have a position of agri
cultural Extension Agent established at this jurisdiction as the
present field personnel does not have the time to devote to those
activities owing to the many other duties that have to be attended.
There is no one at this agency who can give his wdivided attention
to chapter work and to the instruction in farming among the Indians,
and the position for an extansion agent should be created to care
for this work.
KALIGE MANAGEMENT:
Some progress has toen modo in range manugerent during
the past year. The greatest task to be accomplished ia that of
convincing the Indians that it is necossary and desirable to use
better methods in grazing their flocke. Talks to the Indians on
range management at the various chapter meetings are being made
whenever time is available by the ranger and others. The one out
standing and necessary thing to do in order to improve the condition
of the range is to reduce the number of grazing aniils by fifty
per cont. It may seem that such a nove would only tend to take
away the Navajos' livelihood, but if the present unsatisfactory
conditions continue, and the present number of crazing animals ar
maintainee, it will result in complete denudation of the range and
