-
ANNUAL REPORT, 1927.- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO.
NARRATIVE.
SECTION II.
- HEALTH.
General health conditions at the Agency during the past year
have been good, while at the Boarding school has been excellent.
The school located at Blackrock obtainesits water supply from
good springs and has been under the supervision of responsible
employees.
The Agency Indians nearly all of whom reside in one very
compact village for at least one- half of the year are niore diffi
cult to control. An effort has been made to conform with their
desires regarding health matters, but constant pressure has been
brought to bear by the physician and nurse in order that they
might know and appreciate the benefits to be derived from modern
medicien and the observance of the necessary health rules.
The general sanitary conditions of the Reservation are stead
ily improving, but since the things considered most undesirable
by use are invariably the most desired by the Indian, the pro
gress along this line is slow.
During the past year a deep well was begun in an attempt
to bring in good water and if we are successful, the Indians will
be greatly benefitted.
Regular sanitary inspection of sanitary conditions in and
about Indian homes have been held. These inspections have been
made by the resident physician and a nurse detailed for work at
Indian homes by the Eastern Indian Association, but much assist
ance has been rendered them by both government employees and the
employees of religious bodies working among these Indians.
Work has been begun to clear the village of all filthy
corrals, the establishment of a cemetary on the outskirts of the
village and several other sanitary measures of value, but pro
gress will be slow.
A Sanatorium School has been started at Blackrock to care
for the Tubercular children and during the past year a great
many children were greatly benefitted.
The tribe is dominated to a great extent by the native
medicina men and medicine women, but by antagonizing them as
little as possible and by the use of all educational methods
at hand progress towards their ultimate elimination as such is
being made.
The hospital at the agency is a splendidly constructed
building and is large enough to care for those Indians who con
sent to hospitalization at the present time.
- l-
