The Mount Pleasant school is for tunate in its employees. They areefficient and loyal. It is probable that there is no school in theService that has a better group of employees than the Mount PleasantSchool. The cooperation has been good during the past year. Betteraccomodations should be provided. It is necessary that additionalquarters be built to provide for their housing. This is especiallytrue for single employees. As stated in an other part in this sectionarrangements should be made for the enlar ging of the present employees'building to provide for additional quarters. It is necessary to haveemployees room two in a room and to room in the dormatories, whichis a very unsatisfactory arrangement,The intermingling of the races in this community has been more or lessgatisfactory. Our pupils have their friends in the city of Mt. Pleasantand there is a noticeable di fference in the last few years in thefeeling for our Indi an pupils.The total expenditure for all purchases during the current year was43, 984. while that for the fiscal year 19 28 was2223: The outstanding thing done by the increase of funds has been the betterfeedi ng of our pupils with a result that our pupils have been inbetter health than in previous years.As regards the time that the Government school at Mount Pleasantshould continue it can probably safely be said that it shouldcontinue as long as any other non- reservation boarding school. Thereare rnany children of Indian blood win o must either receive theirschooling at an institution of this kind or in a similiar Stateinstitution. While practically all of our pupils could attendpublic school as far as distance from public schools is concernedyet the home conditions of many of our Indian children igXgaRxxtuutare such that they cannot successfully attend the public schools.The mail at this time of the year contains applications forenrollment and there are so many of which we cannot accepton account of available space. It would be unwise to considerthe closing of Mt. Pleasant now or in the near future.