24- HopiPresent conditions in regard to the introduction ofliquor are very encouraging. Since the special officer was relievedfrom duty on this reservation liquor now and then is introduced. Itis brought in by both whites and Indians, and is introduced mostlyat dances. We could easily stop this with the assistance of anefficient white chief of police. We have been troubled very littlethis year with this introduction of liquor. In order to properlycontrol this introduction and to prosecute all the violators Ibelieve it is absolutely necessary to have a special white officeron duty at every reservation.Liquor, I believe, in small quantities, is now beingintroduced on the reservation, especially at dances. Most of ourliquor comes from Gallup, some from Winslow; but most through theSouthern Navajo Reservation.Very few of our Indians leave the reservation exceptwhere they go to work. Very few of them go outside to procureliquor and peddle it. We have a number of Indians working atMcNary, a samill town south of here, and bootleggers find theseIndians with money easy marks. Also a few Indians from therebring in liquor sold to them either at Gallup or Holbrook,We have had the very finest co- operation from Stateand County authorities in our efforts to prevent this liquor traffic.They assist us in a great many ways, even coming on the reservationto help us. We have all our field employees deputy special officers.It would not be advisable to appoint any Indian police as specialofficers.The Indians of this jurisdiction so far as I loow donot make any intoxicating beverages. The use of peyote or mescaldoes not prevail on this reservation. Some of our Indians havepurchased and drunk extracts. We try to cut this practice to theminimum through our system of issuing permits to traveling salesmen,thereby prohibiting any sales of extracts to Indians and traders,The very best way to handle the liquor situation hereon this reservation is through the establishment of a place for awhite chief of police and putting in that position an efficientofficer. No additional legislation, State or Federal, is necessary.Give me a good white officer and with the help of the native policewe will prevent any unsatisfactory liquor conditions and prosecuteall violators of the Federal laws. I do not see any use of drugsanong these Indians.