- 5-
The school building, being frame, is very difficult
to heat during the severe winters in Zuni.
Needed Improvements
1. Steam heat for the auditorium. Money would
be needed for radiators and Tor pipes, and labor for
digging the trenches. Since the auditorium serves a
double purpose, namely, for the school and community
center, steam heat is a much needed improvement.
2. Kindergarten and workshop building. The
enrollment of the school increased last year and the
survey for the coming year shows a larger attendance,
due to beginners, transfers, and raising of the standard
to the seventh grade. An increase in the enrollment
could be taken care of by the same number of teachers,
by the principal taking the upper grades, vi th, an
additional school room. With a small additional cost,
a room to be used for a workshop could be built on
the kindergarten building. A workshop is needed
not only for instruction for the boys but for village
Work. With the limited facilities there is a great
number who make use of them in doing cabinet work,
furniture, and improvements for the homes. An adobe
building utilizing Indian labor under the agency and
school employee and carpenter is less expensive and
more practical.
Parent& Home Responsibilities
Among the responsibilities the home is assum
ing more and more may be listed as follows:
1. Girl' s clothing made at home under the super
vision of the housekeeper. Materials furnished.
2. Clothing washed at home.
3. Noon day meal eaten at home.
4. Health and weight watched by parents, since
they do not, as a rule, wish to have their children
at the sanatorium.
Recommendations
For the betterment a na good of the school, I wish
to make a few recommendations. Following the same
plan of part- time pay for the instructors in native
crafts, there are several returned students that could
qualify as shop instructor for the boys without
neglecting their home duties. The same is true for a
band leader. The Indian children love music and a band
is always a source of pleasure and amusement in any
sonool.
