SECTION III. SOCIAL AND MORAL PROGRAM AND EDUCATION:
Under the now cooperative plan not being started between Government and Mission
School, I believe that a better, more rounded out, educational program will be s
tablished. This year should give us an excellent opportunity to see how this arrange
mont can be worked out.
SECTON IV. FORESTRY:
1. Tolophone
Non tolophone line to be complotod, 85 milos.
B. Road,
Road from Duloo, South to Winter range to be built, 45 miles,
6. Tiro..
No sorious forest fires, anticipated.
D. Rodont Control.
A constructive start on rodent control will have been made,
E. Lookout.
Trection of Wells lookout tower will be completed.
SECTION V. LAW AND ORDERS
Continuod vigilonce, especially rogarding enforcement of prohibition laws on
roservation. This is our proatost law and order problem, Very little trouble is el
perienced in other phases of law and order enforcement.
SECTION VI. REPAIRS, MAINTAINENCE, NEW CONSTRUCTION:
A. Jlcarilla Water System,
Complotion of installation of new water system at Agency, Sanatorium and
Hospital plant. This is a$ 35,000 project.
B. Repairs to Agenoy Buildings
Two non oottages( mall) to be built. Office to be repaired, New Hoating
plants for three cottagos, Four cottages completely overhauled, and repairs
made to four others.
C. Power Plant.
To bo rejuvinated at Sanatorium, to provide proper heat and 24- hour oleotrie
light service.
SECTION VII, ADMINISTRATION AND REORGANIZATION:
A. Recommendations,
That the position of Superintendent of Livestock, and that of either Forest
Supervisor or Forest Ranger, be abolished, and in place of these two positions
a position created for Agricultural Extension Agent. I feel that this would
be the most constructive move possible in sofaras our industrial policy is
concerned The Extension men must be primarily a livestock and grazing spec
ialist, This would be saving in money and give the sheep program the neces
sary impetus to make it a great success on this reservation. I cannot recom
