0
2.
MEMTA
Jicarilla Indian Agency
BAG
Section I
Law& Order
Apparently State laws are adequate to meet conditions here. No
Indian judges are allowed but it is the custom in important
cases to call in at least two or three members of the tribe not
related to the defendant to decide cases in conjunction with
the Superintendent. Such action makes possible the selection
of Indians who are not related to the defendant, and who are not
prejudiced against or for them.
The Dutch Reform Church of American has a church and school at
this Agency. A number of Indians are members of this church and
their school had an enrollment of 43 Apache Indian children dur
ing the year. A few of these Indians profess the Catholic reli
gion, but the Catholic church has no mission on the reservation,
and the nearest church is at Lumberton, four miles east of Dulce.
Reverend Simms, who is in charge of the mission work here for
the Dutch Reform Church, has been with these people for many
years and his general knowledge of their needs and interest in
their welfare are uplifting factors.
These Indians do not manufacture intoxicating liquors and all of
their supply comes directly or indirectly from the Mexican popu
lation living just off the reservation on at least two sides.
One complaint was filed in the Federal Court against the Mexican
who introduced and sold liquor on the Reservation and his case
came up for trial last March. He was found guilty and given a
sentence of sixty days in the County jail or State penitentiary.
These Indians manufacture a sour mash known as" tiswin" but it
is non- intoxicating unless taken in large quantities. Very
little cooperation is extended by State authorities in the
suppression of liquor traffic. Lumberton, Monero, Park View
and Tierra Amarilla off the Reservation to the north and east,
are the source of much of the supply of intoxicating liquor which
the Indians receive. Most of the liquor is manufactured and
sola direct from the Mexican homes and it is almost impossible
to complete a search warrant, secure evidence and get a con
viction in court when search of a private dwelling is made.
Cases will not be considered by the Federal Court unless the
search warrant is very carefully executed and served. The slight
est mistake in the search warrant or affidavits for search
warrants usually gives the Court grounds upon which to throw the
case out.
Four employees have been designated as special officers for the
suppression of liquor and have rendered efficient and valuable
service during the year.
It would be a decided benefit if the regulations relative to the
