-3The following summer, August 1922, well No. 1 on theHogback structure encountered a flow of approximately 375barrels of very high gravity oil- 62 Baume. The excitementcaused by the drilling in of this well led to furthergeological work on the Nava jo reservation and the discoveryof the Tocito, Table Mega, Beautiful Moun ta in, Rattlesnake,Biltabito, Boundary Butte, Gypsum Creek and Captain TomWash structures followed.By the summer of 1923 the Midwest Refining Company hadcompleted another well on the Hogback good for about 1200barrels of the same high gravity oil as found in No. 1 wellfrom the Dakota sandstone.Interest in the structures located on the Naya jo reservation continued to increase and the Office of Indian Affairsand the Naya jos themselves were besieged for the grantingof leases within their jurisdiction. So many requests werereceived that it was thought advisable to dispose of theleases at public sale. At this time Secretaryof the Interior,Albert B. Fall appointed Ex- Governor Hagerman as Coromissionerto the Navajo Tribe and upon his shoulders fell the burdenof initiating the first preparations for such a sale.The sale was announced for October 15, 1923 at Santa Fe,New Mexico, and four explora tory tracts located on theTocito, Table Mesa, Beautiful Moun ta in and Rattlesna ke structures, in addition to 18 tracts on the Hogback structure,were all offered.Col. Walters, auctioneer for the OsageTribe in Oklahoma, was secured and under his direction allof the exploratory tracts and nine of the eighteen tracts onHogback were sold for a total amount of$ 87,600 in bonus.The lease covering the explora tory tracts con ta ined aclause demanding the commencement within 90 days after theapproval of the lease by the Secretary of the Interior, a3,000 foot well, and as a result development has now progressed on the Tocito, Table Mesa and Rattlesna ke structures.It has not been known definitely whether or not the BeautifulMountain structure would be drilled; although it has recentlybeen announced that drilling would be started by July 15th,an extension of time having been secured on the lease.Considering the Dakota sands tone as the objective in eachwell, the Tocito and Table Mesa tests are failures, inasmuchas nothing but water was secured in the Dakota group. Well No.l on the Rattlesnake lease encountered a 5 barrel flow of 64gravity oil at 821 feet in the Dakota sandstone and this leasewill be further developed by the purchaser, Mr. S. C. Munoz,who has organized the Santa Fe Company for such purposes.