-6Industries.purposes is the only thing for schools in this desert country.( c) Our milch goat herd is quite an object lesson to the Indiansand they seem to be very much interested in it.( a) The Indiansdo not have money for milch cows and a past experience with suchcows on the reservation proved it would be unwise to advise theseIndians to try to maintain dairy cows.There are other industries on the reservation, such asfarming, gardening, fruit raising, basket and pottery making,and blanket and shawl weaving, freighting, etc. These arecontinually increasing in importance among these people and tending to make them better off and more independent. The moneyearned by men who leave the reservation for certain periods ofthe year is also a great help to these Indians.The work of returned students, when they work, is very goodin many cases but too few of them go off the reservation and staythere at lucrative employment. The Hopis especially make verygood employees. They are very pleasant and industrious but theywould rather stay on the reservation doing nothing as a generalthing to holding good positions off the reservation away fromtheir people and the old time ceremonies. This is a very badhandicap to the progress of these Indians and can only be overcome by the breaking up of some of these old pagan ceremoniesand sending these people away by force. There are altogether toomany idle returned students on this reservation. This makes forpoor conditions, not only for the young people but for the oldpeople.We have no farmers or industrial teachers among these Indians.We have but one stockman. This should be remedied by havingdistrict farmers or stockmen among the Navajos to encourage properfencing, farming, corralling, feeding, etc. As it is, we havebut one stockman for over 5,000 Indians with a territory 50x70miles.No industrial education is being given these people by farmersor others except the stockman and the field matrons. We haveno industrial organizations among these Indians. They need noincentive or supervision for raising enough crops for their ownuse. We are too far from the railroad for much agriculturalwork except to supply the needs of the Indians. We have had somehelp from the University of Arizona and are using it to bestadvantage of these Indians.We have tried several new things here at the school in anendeavor to help these Indians but have had indifferent success.