10HopiAGRICULTURAL AND INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITIES:On account of the Navajos being a nomadic people it isvery hard to lay down an industrial program which might be acceptedby them. Our general program is to assist them through indirectrule in every possible way to better homes, to more permanent homes,to the development of more water and gardens, to proper control oftheir grazing areas, to the increase of quality rather than quantityin their flocks, and to get them to be more sanitary in their modesof living Home improvement, stock improvement, health improvement,is what we forever keep in mind. We do not have the field employeeswe need for an intensive program of special work among these people,as we do have among the Hopis. We should have an extension agentand farmers, or stockmen, and field matrons to assist in this workamong the Navajos.The Hopis are self- supporting and progressive. Ourprogram with them is based upon their need for encouragement ofbetter home conditions, better morals, more agricultural fields andorchards, and a better grade of stock. There is no Hopi or Navajoon this reservation getting regular help from the government. Theyare two industrious tribes, independent, thrifty, and progressive.Every year sees increased farming and gardening operationsamong both the Navajos and the Hopis. This year many new fruit treeswere set out on the reservation and probably two thousand more acresof agricultural land cultivated. More fencing was put up. It is avery encouraging year. Timely rains have caused this. Every yearwe try to get the Indians interested in new fruit trees, vegetables,and other crops. This year we have quite an acreage out in potatoes,some thing the Indians here have not attempted to any extent heretofore. Every year I get grape cuttings, fruit trees and such thingsfrom other schools and give them out to the Indians. We sold theIgdians about 1, 200 fruit trees for planting this year. We put outover 200 in our own orchards,Cutworms and rodents do considerable damage to seed andcrops each year. We have asked Mr. Foster, head of the Biologicalwork in Arizona, to come in this year to look into this and he haspromised to do so. Perhaps we can make arrangements for overcoming or destroying these pests. Some thing should be done toover- come this big economic loss.While the Hopis and Navajos both use most of the cropsthey raise, still they are always intertrading, and what they have