2
Indian dances will be of very minor importance in the community
life of these Indians,
The Indians of this jurisdiction generally observe the marriage
laws of the state, and there are a very few of them living under the
old custom of Indian marriages, They are also securing divorces
in the state courts in a few cases. I am not deputized by the
state to issue narriage licenses.
As the state laws do not apply on the reservations of this
jurisdiction, it is necessary for complete Federal legislation to
meet the law and order situation in these pueblos,
sittany
The Indians of this jurisdiction are almost entirely of the
Catholic faith, there being a small settlement in Laguna of the
Presbyterian faith, All of the pueblos are attended by Catholic
Priests, the Presbyterians having missions at Jemez and Laguna,
and the Baptists having just entered the field at Isleta.
The liquor question among the Indians of this jurisdiction
seems to be getting worse every year due primarily to the fact that
there are not sufficient law enforcement officers to protect the
Indians from bootleggers and also the fact that the courts seem
to be very lenient in the cases that are brought before them.
In the past liquor has been introduced into the pueblos by
Mexicans and other natives, but there seems to be a tendency on
the part of these people to furnish Indians with the liquor to be
taken on the reservation.
We have received satisfactory cooperation from the Federal
Prohibition Department, but have not received any assistance from
the state authorities and the help that the Federal authorities
can give us is not sufficient to cope with the situation.
We have no cases on record wherein the Indians have made any
intoxicating beverages. There he. ve been no cases involving the
use of peyote or mesoal among the Indians of this jurisdiction
or of the white people in the vicinity of the pueblos.
The Indians do not purchase proprietary medicines for beverage
purposes primarily because it is not necessary as they can secure
bootleg whiskey sufficient for their needs.
It is absolutely necessary that the prohibition force be
materially increased in intoxicating li. quor is to be kept off
the reservations of this jurisdiotion.
Jo A Somero
Lem! A, Towers,
Superintendent.
