the 46 day sehools the water is biologically safe, fortunately, however
upalatable and hard some of it is, and wors raodern sowerage systems
have also been constructed. Put I have repeatedly called attention to the
well known fact that there is not a single large agendy with a safe sowor
age system. The only exception is the recently constructed Navajo A gonoy
at Window Rock, arisons. Othonise or newer outlots dischargo raw sewage
from hundreds of contributors into nearby arroyos( as at it. afiand.),
al tehes( Suiproak), niats( Tuba City) hiloides( Wingate, or rivor( Shiprook
and Leupp). These situations should be remediod.
INCREASING NAVAJO PARTICIPATION IN MEDICAL WORK: For more than a year we
have been looking forward
to the time when it would be propitious to organise a Navajo Health Committos
for the entire area which would tunetion much like a bennd of health elos
whoro. Ir. Thones H. Dodce, formerly Chair of the Tribal Council, has
interested himself in this quastion end has accepted the responsibility of
taking the initial stope.
The purpose of auck& designated group would be to acquaint themselves
with$ 12 existing facilities available for health service; for interpreting
these facilities and modern health concepta to the people; and enlisting
their understanding and partloipation.
Another forms in which some day it is hoped the devajos will participate
in our modical work is to pay for some of it. At the prasont time everything
is free except in sission hospitals whora ressonabls charges are made. I
believe that with an improvement in the economie status of the Weve jos they
will be noth able and willing to pay increasing amounts of the total cost of
the service now being rendered. They co so now with their own Wodicine Men.
GRUSRAL SURARY: As compared with not many years ago, a remarkable advance
hee been made by the Orries of Indian Affairs in providing
more and better facilities for the health conservation of the Wave jo people.
Insofar as funds and personnel are becoming available, the Kedieel Service im
continuing to be aproved. It can sover be expected thet with an average
population of two people per square mile adequate medical service can be ron
dered at as small& cost ng would be the case were these fifty thousand people
to live in a small city. With increasingly effective results of medical work
in the boarding and day sebeole, with better resulta in the treetment of the
siek through ineroased tecilities and better personnel, it is reasonable to
expect that the Navajos will come more and more to evalling themselves of
modern berlth prsetiess.
Sincerely yours,
W, W. Fotor,..,. P.E.,
koaieal Direeter,
Nevajo- lopi Areas.
WYP:
