PUEBLO LANDS BO A RDCochiti PuebloFriday, March 7, 1930Pursuant to adjournment the Pueblo Lands Board met atPena Blanca, New Mexico, on Friday, March 7, 1930, at 1: 00p. m., with chas H. Jennings, member, present; W. C. Cochrane,special attorney for the Pueblo Indians; D. E. Cornell,represent ing the American Indian Defense Association; andJ. D. Sena, Jr., Interpreter, were also present.The meeting was called to order and the following proceedings were had:ABSTRACT NO. 115Private Claim no. 5, p 1CADUNITY CORRALS.ALCARIO MONTOYA, Indian, was called as a witnessand testified as follows:cocoa<MR. COCHRANE,Do you know this tract surveyed over there as corrals forJo se Lino Sanchez?Yes.What is on that property, just corrals?Part of them are corrals and part are houses.There is no house shown on the survey:The houses are over here.But tuat is different land, Jose Lino Sanchez and othershave houses there but these corrals are separate.It must be he asked some of them to have surveyed corrals.How lont have those corrals been there?I told you alter the survey was made they began to buildthe corrals.Was this particular corral built before the survey or after,when the survey vias made was any thing on there?No. When the survey was made when using it for corrals,alter the survey was made then they built it.Well right at Io se Lino' s house it shows a fence and partof it wasn' t fenced and a part was.A An Indian used to have it where- a corral right here.Before the survey?Before the survey.Od( witness excused)LUIS ORTIZ was called as a witness and testifiedas follows:Do you know the piece of land surveyed out there ascorrals, right behing the house of Jose Lino Sanchez,do you know that place?Yes.How long those corrals been there?Since the survey.Was there any corral there before the survey?Used to be a corral but we always knocked them down.Did anybody beside the Indians use that be lo re the survey?Adelaido Montoya' s corral was right there, he was an Indianand had his corral.Was Adelaido' s corral on this same lani that they claimthe community corral is on?Yes.Lolornal