Narrative Section,( Section IV), Cont'a.
Livestock-
( 1)( Sheep) To continue to secure each year fine rool rams to im
prove the larger herds and increase weight of fleece, the bulk to be sola
on the markets. Breeds desired are Rambouillets and Correidales.
( 2) To introduce more coarse wool rams for use among small herds of
sheep when practically all wool is used for blanket and rug manufacture.
It is impossible to weave good, desirable blankets from grease wool. The
Lincoln breed is desired.
( 3) Reduce through slaughter and sales the surplus wethers, goats,
and old ewes, and the good- age breeding stock increased in size as well as
the weight of fleece.
( 4)( Horses) To continue campaign for reduction of horses in a few
localities where there is a surplus. This is to be done with the co
operation of the community chapter organizations, that a greater number
be slaughtered for meat purposes; also, they should trade or sell to
Indians who have not enough for their needs. In this way a better equal
ization of horses could be established.
( 5) During past years, three good jacks and nine stallions were
purchased and placed with Indians for use in breeding for better size
animals and we should continue to purchase jacks and stallions in accord
ance with praise made to Indians at Leupp in November, 1929.
( 6)( Goats) While the price of mahair at this time is very low,
yet, the Indians are making very fine rugs mith long fleece on one side
which brings about$ 1.00 per pound. To continue to encourage Indians to
obtain Angora Rams with the idea of manufacturing fluffy Angora rugs.
( 7) Our boarding school ows a well improved Saanen and Toggenburg
herd. Since purchase of herd six years ago, we have improved milk pro
duction through the purchase of good rams. At present we have some
four- quart milkers. Indians have secured buck kids from our herd to
improve milk qualities, and will continue to furnish this breeding stock
and they in turn will be able to raise better milkers. We are urging
every family to milk goats for family use.
Agriculture-
( 1)( Farm and Garden) To urge Indians to prepare their dry fam
areas in the fall and thus conserve moisture for spring planting. During
the past year, Indians were induced to plant larger acreage of beans,
potatoes, and corn. Though rains were not general this year, there will
