1002.into the State Schools.The industrialtraining given in the Shiprock School isas complete as will be found in any of our reservationschools.The object of industrial training is to fit pupils for lifework and ours does that very thing. The trainingfor the boys1s along the lines that will make good practicalfarmers of them,with a thorough Imowle age of planting, cultivating, and harvesting, and a knowledge of sheep and wool. In their blacksmithcourse they learn to mend a wagon, sharpen a plow, and shoe ahorse. In the carpenter shop they receive instructionsin woodwork and do all the paint ing and repairingfor the whole school.The farm boys have received instructionin stock breeding and inthe classificationof wool, during the year. They have also received instructionin the theory of dairy ing, including the testing of milk. The girls receive their instructionin the sewing room, the laundry and the kitchen. This work is so welldone, and most of the girls tale to it so well that they are inconstantdemand as domestichelpers at good wages. Justassoon as our school closed, I placed fifteen of our older girlsin good families at good wages, and could have placed threetimes as many if I had had them. The people all hate to givethem up when it comes time for them to return home for school.Our girls who are past school age are employed at from ten totwenty five dollars a month in private families. All of ourgirls are efficienthelpers. One girl is employed as childrens'cook in the JicarillaSchool, another is the mess cook at thatplace. Anotherof our girls is one of the assistantme trons inThe Pueblo Bonito School. Both Superintendents called on me tosend them more just like the ones they had. Several of them arevery efficienthelpers in our own school. All of them have hadgood training along domestio lines, and they are all willing towork. These two qualitiesare known to the people, and they arealways in demand. Severalof the girls who are on" outing" arenow with the same people they vere with la st year, and who havehad the promise of them since they returnedthe girls to theschool last September. The Navajo is about the only working Indian in this part of the country, and the women and girls are noexception to the rule.It takes the Navajo to do the unskilledwork of building the Ute MountainSchool and Agency.When the amexes are completedand an electriclight plantinstalled, we will be in pretty good shape for a school of thesize. The most pressing need of the place is an adequatesupplyof pure water. This has been a pressingneed for13.