STATISTICAL.SECTION III.- HEALTH- ContinuedHealth, page 6.for office information, the extraordinary high cost per day perpatient for 1920 at the Laguna Sanatorium, is explained as follows:First: At the beginning of the fiscal year the Sanatorium,owing to lack of proficient employees, was not in position to carefor a large number of patients. My examination of the plant showedthat it was poorly equipped and rapidly going to ruin for lack ofnecessary repairs. It was not until December that many patientscould be handled.Second: The larger amount of this expense, which the method offiguring the cost applies to the patients of this year only, is fornew equipment, improvements already made, and materials with which tomake additional improvements. For instance, the riverbank had tobe protected in order that the Sanatorium dairybarn would not washaway; the large Sanatorium building was painted, including roof; anelectric lighting system was ordered, including complete wiring; muchnecessary carpentry work done; and, as stated above, materialsordered with which to continue improvements. Besides all this,much additional and necessary equipment was purchased.The total sum of cost of this equipment and improvements shouldbe applied to patients treated during the last several years;whereas, owing to the method, it all shows against this particularyear, when( because of many changes in employees) but few patientshave been accomodated.( e)Total number treated during the current fiscal year.30( f) Number discharged during the current fiscal year...- 24( 8) Number of deaths in institution during the current fiscal year..3.( h)Total discharged and died during the current fiscal year...15( i) Number of Indians remaining in institution June 30, current fiscal year..10.16. Total number hospital day's treatment during year..16k. Total cost of institution during year.161. Total cost per day per patient( exclusive only of new construction).16m. Number of Indians under your jurisdiction who were given treatment for alcoholism1380__._.a$ 15055... 00.10.90Nonea This should include pay of employees, subsistence, repairs, and all other incidental expense necessary for its proper conduct and management,except new construction.