487AlpsCoss.stood in the way of his armies, he promptlyreplied," there shallbe no Alps," and a road was constructed, passingihrougha districtthatwas almost inascessible. Examplesof othergreatgeneralsand mennightbe given, showingthat energyorwill is a necessaryfactorof sucOur own great Dowey is one that you all honor and almost worshipand whathascuaseit It is for his energy, courage and power of willthat the peopleof Americahola hin almost inestimable,When the mossage flashedacrossthe continentand thenceto Hong kong to captureor destroythe Spanishfleet in the Asiaticwaters, we found his readyto meetand fullfilhis orders. Although mines, forts and war shipswere in his path-- he forcedhis way throughand passed them--and thetestyou all know!" Where there is a will there is Way" is en oldand true saying, and I sincerelybelievethat AimirableDewey firmlybelievesin it.But there is still anotherbran oh of self- help, which requiresamost thoroughcultivation, and that is the branch of economy. Thur.isnot a person in the wide world that does not want to be independentthat is; from a financialstan tpoint. And to Secure independence, thepracticeof simple economy is all that is required. Economyrequiresneithersuperiorknowledgenor eminen, varius; 11 13 nothing more thancultivatingthe required knowledgeto save what has been earned, andthis means managerent, Ulity, prutinu ani the avoidanceof waste.Perhaps there is no race of people that need to watch, prune and cultivate this branch of industry so much as the people I represent. ThoIndian an bis primitive staly was characterizedfor his econoiny, but,is seems, in his journey up the hill of civilization, he has quite forgotten the virtues that were characteristicin his fore- fathers. Henceone of the greatest works in the field for Indian workers is that ofteaching woonoráy- and much depends upon the younger Indians who aribeing educated as to the future generation of this race.We cannot butrealize that economy as exhibited in the lives of great men is one ofwho best forus of self- help.No one should be ashamed, but rather proud, of having to dig,8Cretch and rug for a start in life-- whether it ne lilling the soil.Korking in factories or behind the counters, unless he has no higheradition to be something more than what he starts at. To be successfulone must aim high and strive with all his might to reachit by discharging the every day dut..es of life, down to the smallest and hunologof them in an honest, upright, truthful and loving spirit.While the afore- said statements are quite essential, in order toIevate to higher stage in life, there is another element that treThin respectable quires our attention. It is that of respectability.By this I do not mean the respecta person is always worthy of regard,bility that consists in fine clothing as is becoming the fad of 11epresent day, but the nan who lives within his means and has an honestpurpose in view