development; but the gold or itself would be far from pure were it
not for the blend of the lavender that brings out its true balue and
makes the character perfect through suffering", in the same propor
tion as gold is made purer by fire
The gold and the lavender may well represent the contrast between
sunshine and shadow. We would have life all sunshine if we could but
we know how much better our lives will shine forth through the shadows,
and how much stronger our characters are for the refining influences of
dark and gloomy days: so we voluntarily and bravely blend the lavender
with the fold, accepting the trial for its purifying and developing
power, and appreciating the sunshine far more because of the shadow
that preceded it. The gold, always bright in itself, shines with a
double radiance when it mingles with the lavender, just as all our
bright lustre through the gloom of disapppintment and hardship.
Know, then that every experience leaves its mark, eithe of
strength or weakness, upon our lives, we do not ask for the gold alone,
but blending with it the proper proportion of the lavender for a con
bination that stands for attainment, for power, and for success. Cur
lives are just opening before us and we know that whatevet the future
may hols, each life will have its full measure of the lavender, for such
is certain fate of all mankind; but we also know that if we welcome
the sombre element and recognize the value of its developing ofrce, it
will prove to be one of life' s greatest blessings, and blending with the
gold of happiness and prosperity, will make our lives fuller and richer
than days of unalloyed glare and gleam could possibley be.
COMMENCEMENT
May Fourteenth......................
... Ten O clock
Processional* Tannhauser March"..... cena........ Wagner
Ray D. Scheinost
Invocation....
.... Rev. Clint Irwin
Beautiful Dreamer..
...... Foster
Jeanie With The Light Brown Hair................. Foster
Mixed Chorus
Address...
..... George C. Wells
District Supervisor of ducation
Presentation of Class.....
.... Edith Craig
... Principal
Awarding of Diplomas................... Vernon Le beges
• Superintendentiof Education
Aloha Oe...
..... Liliuokaland
Benidiction......
............... Rev. Clint Irwin
...... Verdi
Recessional" March From Aida".....
Kay De Scheinost
He 11% to Santa Fe on!
. We thy sons and daughters sing,
Praises to thy name,
Praises to thy laxce.
Till the Heavens above shall ring,
To the name of Santa Fe.
Alma Mater, hail to thee!
To the spirit bold, of the garnet and gold,
We will hail.... Santa Fe---
13
