Farmer' s Report. Page 4.
It has been found that we are carrying this too far as very
few attempt to save seeds. This year, beginning last fall,
notice was given that no seed would be issued the coming year
and that all must save seed. In order that they might di
versify their diet and rai se cabbage and tomatoes, plants
from the Agency hot bed were supplied. As the demand increased,
it was not possible to raise a sufficient supply and encour
agement was given for the construction of hot beds upon the
different districts where they could raise their own plants
and have them more accessible so that planting need not be
delayed. Now there are a number who have built individual
hot beds and are successfully producing their won plants.
Because of scarcity of water and grasshopper plagues for sev
eral years, considerable alfalfa has been lost in acreage.
We purchased 4000 pounds of alfalfa seed this springs and a
large acreage has been sown with considerable promise of re
gaining the lost acreage. The past winter, the most severe
known to this section, with heavy snows remaining through
out the entire winter, showed the Zunis the value of for age
for their stock. Meetings were held and opportunities dis
cussed whereby the Indians could increase the amount of rough
age stored from the crops now produced. As the time was op
portune, a project was started for" Conservation and Proper
Care of Forage Crops." Early cutting of wheat whereby the
straw would have value is stressed, Cutting of their corn
to secure as much feed as possible from the fodder produced
and the planting of winter rye and regular forage crops with
the proper harvesting and care of their alfalfa. Other pro
jects to continue for a five year period or longer are:" Home
Gardening," Marketing and Storage of Garden Crops," and" Growing
and Selection of Seed." Lack of funds hadicap us in our
Work as a root cellar of sufficient size for holding over the
cabbage, carrots and root crops grown until the local demand
for the stored vegetables furnishes a market, is greatly need
ed. Funds for purchasing from the Indians and holding until
there is a market, are also needed if they are to successfully
handle garden produce. Our only market, Gallup, is surfeited
at harvest time as produce is trucked there from the San Juan
valley and thrown upon the market in such abundance that the
price receivid gives very little returns to the gardener.
4- H Club work is carried on upon the Reservation and is
gaining in favor with the Indians. The children do good work
but the follow up work is necessary and is most difficult in
that the scattering of the children during the summer period
to their outlying summer homes and the boys to the sheep camps,
causes trouble for the leaders in the completion of the courses.
This work is done under the direction of the County Agent and
State Extension Clib Leader. When possible, clubs from Zuni
are sent to the State College for 4- H club week. The following
are the organized 4- Clubs: Indian Jewelry; Orchard Preservation;
Garden; Sheep; Pottery and Sewing.
