6ANNUALREPORT. 1927.RARRATIVE.INDUSTRIEB. Sec4.Eastern Nava ho.It is our endeavor to have the Indian s put forth everyeffort to greater production with corresponding inoomeparticulary in the management of his herds, to encourage himin the habits of thrilt, cloanliness and to be more interestedin the health and education of his children, over keeping themin filth and ignorance. Navaho parents are proud of their educa tedchildren who come home from so hool after a period of years in someone of the vocational schools. Their idea and hope is for them tosettle down near them and build up herd for themselves.They disliketo have their children soperated from them for any great lengthof time, which is only a human trait in all races. Morality andthrift go hand in hand while poverty- idlene ss are pals and trendtoward s immorality. Farming in this semi- arid country will alwaysbe secondary to the live stock Industry and always will be owingto scant rainfall. corn, beans, squash are the principal products.Some years practically all of this production is consumed by theIndians themselves, the more favorable years some corn is 80 id totraders, tho put little leaves the Indian country. They select thebest seed corn from what they themselves and there seems no othervariety more stable to withstand drouth has ever been tried.In the campaigh to eliminate wothless and un salabe ponies fromthe range the Indians castrated nearly 500 stallions, some areusing them for subsistence, tho not as many as they should, nomarket has been found where they would realize as much as$ 5. per head,and it was of their own choosing to eliminate the stallions in thisway in order to limit their number of ponies, they to be suppliedwith a few good stallions and Jacks two years henco. Road days havebeen inauguerated and much work done in this way without compensationfor the mutual benefit of all concerned. Farm equipment is limited,usually to a plow, with few mowers and hay ra kes. sildom a harrow.Flood water is the only means of irrigation as there is not a livingsteam within our jur sidiction. Springs have been developed andconsiderable floo å water reservoir construction.Reimbursable money has been used to advantage in the purchase ofsheep for a few deserving Indians, some are in arrears with their paytiments, tho they have made at least a partiel payment on what is due.Hogans, corrals and perhaps some fencing 18 found on at least oneof the allotments belonging to a family, the lack of water for stockand domestic purposes and the controm of range within certain areashave been against the Indians in making improvements or use of hislend, the control of the range referred is by white men who haveeliminated the Indian from his former range and home, by leasing ofthe Railroad sections consisting of the odd numbered and theleasingof the 4 school sections in each townships in certain areas.With decreased range, the Indians cannot hope to materiallyincrea se their he rds, when all of their accessible range is in usethe yeer round with no reserve whatevor, there was some loss thepast winter on account of feed shortage,