The Lagunas have given considerable attention to the improvement
of their grade of she op while the Acomas are somewhat backward in this
respect.
There is no tribal herd in this jurisdiction.
Comditions among the pueblos are not particularly favorable for
carrying on the dairy industry excepting possibly in the Pueblos of
Sandia and Isle ta. Both of these are in tho Rio Grande valley in
close proximity to the city of Albuquerque and the town of Bernalillo,
where ample market could be obtained for dairy products,
There being nothing but day schools in this jurisdiction no dairy
herd is kept at any of these schools,
The Pueblo Indians are proficient in the manufacture of pottery,
basketry and blanket weaving, the three crafts being pursued extensively
in the order named. Be ing located, as most of the pueblos are, upon
transcontinental highways, there is a ready market for practically
all of the handicraft produced.
The returned students are generally more effioient and progressive
than their uneducated parents, although the latter are very successful
at farming.
The farmers and stockmen occupy their time in traveling about
among the Pueblos assisting in the operation of improved machinery and in
the care of live stock. They also render services in securing suitable
markets for the products of the Indian farmers. The remainder of their
time is taken up with reports and routine corresponderc e.
The farmers of Isleta, Laguna and Ac oma are equipped with Ford
touring cars, while tho se at Jenez and San Felipe have team and wagon.
There are no industrial organizations among the Indians and no
agricultural extension work has been performed during the year. However,
there is constant close cooperation between the local county agricultural
agent, the State Livestock Sanitary Board and the Federal Bureau of
Agriculture and Animal Husbandry.
Ample market and trading facilities are open to the Indians and
traders located among them are fair in their dealings. In fact the
Pueblo Indians is sufficient shrewd that no trader can take advantage
of him.
-12
