Ciroular No. 23160
1927
Northun Nava jo Agenoy
the Presbyterian Churoh maintains a resident missionary, who is
also provided with an interpreter. Rev. C. L. Campbell, the pre
sent missionary, has been occupying this field for the past
twelve years. This church also owns and operates a hospital at
Redrook, where a medical missionary is maintained with a small
corps of helpers. Until& few months ago, the Presbyterian
Church maintained a mission at Tees Nos Pos, thirty miles west of
Shiprock, where a resident missionary and an interpreter were
supported, but this mission seems to have been abandoned. Fifty
five miles west of Shiprock the" Brethren" own and operate a
mission under the local management of the Rev. and Mrs. M. A.
Holcomb and their daughter, Miss Clara Holcomb. This organiza
tion also maintains a registered nurse at the same point. A
Catholic Priest comes from Waterflow, fifteen miles east of Ship
rock throughout the school year twice a week to give religious
instructions to such children as belong to his organization,
I have been on the Northern Nava jo Reservation for four
years and have seen but one man under the influence of liquor and
he was not on the reservation. This does not necessarily mean
that the Navajos are total abs tainers, but one may nevertheless in
fer that the use of intoxicants is not general. I would say
there has been much more drinking by Navajos both on the reservation
and off during the past twelve months than during any former
twelve months of my incumbency, and I attribute this to the auto
mobile. Four years ago, there was not an Indian of this juris
diction that owned an auto or that could operate one. To day,
there are more than fifty cars owned and operated by these people,
When the horse was the only means of transportation, it was not
easy for an Indian to go fifty Or seventy- five miles to town.
Today with his car, it is but a short trip, and this makes it pos
sible for him to get in touch with booze much more easily. Too,
he can bring it back to the reservation and dispose of it at con
siderable profit, and during the early winter months of this
year, a few Indians were engaged in this traffic. There has been
no trouble of this nature since last January, when this traffic
was at its height. Most of the liquor was secured in Gallup and
Farmington, New Mexico, and in Cortez, Colorado. The state
authorities are not inclined to take any active part in prosecu
tions of violations of the liquor laws, as there never seems to
be any funds available for that purpose.
O
02
.
The Indians of the jurisdiction do not make any intoxica
ting beverages or preparations nor have I ever heard of their
using extracts or proprietary medicines for beverages. Peyote
is unknown to them. In fact, I have yet to learn of any drugs
of any nature being used by them. No Indians of the jurisaic
tion so far as I know make their own beverages either for home
consumption or for illicit sale,
The Navajos do not look with favor upon gambling. Where
the possession of money or property necessitates the expenditure
of as much hard labor as it goes on the Northern Navajo Reser
vation, there is not the tendency to place it in hazard that
- 3
