UNITED STATES OF AMERIC.21that solel0 Cove of inove e land asdistinguisished fro!was to cover bot oveme ents in and on.Q. I f yoefe r to thetable see thatthe rove the land had already be leducteA. Yes, I think that was improvements made therein. Yes,as to take c e of theoveme s madein accordance with the laas interprete by the Board.Q. So that the Board considered the law should be interproted to mean that theloss to the Indians was the differencebetweenthe fair market value of the land and the value ofthe improvements thereon and therein.A. Yes.Q. Now I call your attention to paragraph 6 of thelaw,with particular reference to paragraph- subparagraphC." Itshall be e furt her duty of the Boao separate reporrespect of each pueblo;( c) The fair market value of saidwater rights and of said tract or tracts of land( exclusive ofany improvements made therein or placed thereonby nonIndianclaimants) whenever the Board sliаllletermine thatsuch tract or tracts of land or such water rights could beorcould have been at any time recovered for said Indians by theUnited States by seasonable prosecution of any right of theUnited States or of said Indians, and the amount of loss, ifany, suffered by said Indians through failure of the UnitedStates seasonably to prosecute any such right." Now youstated, on your direct examination, thatyour report on thatwas incorrect, that the report, which in words says that$ 226000 is the value exclusive of improvements therein and thereon is merely a report only of the value exclusive of improve.ments thereon.A. Where is the reference in the report as phrased!Mr Fraser: Page 15 was one page.( Report handed toMr Hagerman and he looks over page 15, reading it to him.selfMr Hagerman: I did say itwas incorrect; I said that itmight have been more fully explained and better expressedin order to show that the Board first took the total valuationand then deducted the improvements rade thereon, and afthaving deducted the improvements made therein, came to theresult as to what was provided for in the nextsection, i e.