Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency.
- IN A R R A T I VES E C T I O N.
Section II
Health
Health conditions, aside froin an unusual number of
epidemics, have been normal throughout the year both in
the schools and on the reservation. Measlos run its
course,
It has been more or less epidemic on the reservation for
the past two years. During the winter 1924- 25 it ran
through the Toadlena school and aduring the past winter
through the schools at Shiprock. I believe it has reached
the remotest corners of the jurisdiction. So far as school
children are concerned the re were no apparent ill- results
If there were fatalities among the reservation Indians, they
were few for no reports of unusual death from this cause
reached tine office during the year. This is probably due
in large measure to the Belmy weather experienced through
out the late fall and early winter when the disease was
rampant. At least conditions were very diiſerent from those
existing during the severe winter of 1923- 24 when neasles
broke out along the Chaco with such fatal results that we
found it necessary to open a field hospital at Toci to. In
the San Juan school measles appeared ig mid- summer
and
continued s long as new pupils were coming in, which was
about December first.
Mfumps, which ran its course in the San
uan School
during the year 1924- 25, InEade its appearance in the Toad
lena School this year and all pupils had it. It also showed
itself in many parts of the reservation.
During the past two years Diphtheria has appeared on
two or three occasions in different parts of the reservation
and has be on promptly suppressed by the administration of
the propor S Brum. It threatened the San Juan school in early
March of this year but was confined to eight cases, none of
which wEas very i11.
Chicken pox came about the same time as the Diphtheria
and a large number of pupils were ill, none seriously.
Influenza ran its course through- out the entire juris
diction, beginning in February. Practical ly every pupil in
our schools was sick and fully 60% of the employees. It was
not particularly serious except that so many people wore down
with it at the same time that there were scarcely enough well
people available to wait upon the sick. So far as pupils and
