23- HopiI am deputized by the State and county to issuemarriage licenses to Indians and whites of the reservation.Also through the authority of the State laws I am authorizedto perform marriage ceremonies for such people living on thisreservation.If the State laws were extended to govern the Indiansof this reservation they would be adequate to meet the situation.Federal legislation as suggested in this Congress would also meetthe situation. Because these Indians will ultimately have to beamalgamated with the white citizenship of this state, it is bestfor the state laws to govern such conditions. There are otherobvious reasons why the State laws should govern these Indiansin these matters.On account of having two tribes to deal with and tohandle on this reservation, and owing to the fact that we do nothave a sufficient number of head men in either court, it isir possible to have a legal court of Indian offenses among theHopis. We do have such a court among the Navajos. Major crimescommitted against the Federal statutes are handled by arrest andappearance before the commissioner in Holbrook, then a trial andsentence by a Federal court in Prescott or Phoenix. This agencyhas a general council or meeting of Navajos once a month and allNavajo court and family cases come before that council, which iscomposed of judges, police, head men, delegates, and chief. Thesecases are very nicely handled by this council. If we had a whitechief of police of course it would greatly facilitate the handlingof these cases, and better results could be obtained.I wish tostate here that the Navajos are very nice to work with in thisrespect and that the better class is assisting me in every waytoward better law and order enforcement on this reservation. Wehave a very nice helpful bunch of Navajo Indians as judges,delegates, chiefs, etc. We also have made considerable progresson the First Mesa, among the Hopis, where we have had threejudges selected by the Hopis and paid by the Government to assistthe agency in advisory capacity. We find these judges very helpful.All judges, both Navajos and Hopis, are selected by their ownpeople, not the superintendent.The religious welfare of the Indians of this reservationis very completely looked after by missions with missionaries onthe reservations. We have five missions among the Hopis and twoamong the Navajos. The Catholic mission is the latest and it isdoing good work.