Section IV-INDUSTRIES.1. Wo have in mind a persistent effort to improve farming methods as at present practiced by the Indians of thisjurisdiction. Theat and corn are the staple crops reaised bythese people, and these crops are raised principally for homeconsumption, very little being sold. The primitive methodspracticed by their forefathers are still in use. Some of thesmaller Pueblos of the jurisdiction are seriously hampered bylack of farm machinery. This particularly is true of the Pueblosof Nambe and Picuris, where threshing machines are not available,and wheat is threshed out by the use of ponies and goats much asit was a hundred years ago. We hope to, in some manner, securesmall threshing machines for those two Pueblos.At the Pueblos of Nambe, Santa Clara and Taos, plansare under way for the development of further water, making itpossible to place under cultivation, several hundred acres ofadditional lands. This will add vory materially to the resourcesof the Pueblos affected.2. farming operations on your reservation( school, agencyand Indian farms separately):Te have a small farm at the Taos Day School, whereprincipally garden truck is raised. Such vegetables as can beproduced here are used by the Hospital and at the DomesticScience Department of the School. This garden at this timepromises to produce satisfactorily.Indian farming of the jurisdiction we believe to bevery much as in yoars past. The Pueblos are an agriculturalpeople, and farming is pract bally their only source of gaining a livelihood. In most instances, farming operations areconfined to the lands for which irrigation water is availabl.and those lands are farmod from year to yoar.( a) Present day conditions we believe to be very muchas in the past.0( b) The season of 1930 so far promises to be a veryfaborable one for the Indians of this jurisdiction.Irrigation water has been plentiful at each of ourPueblos, and crops generally look very promising.( c) Last spring we secured a considerable quantity ofcertified seed wheat, corn, oats, etc., and plantedthem in small plots at each Pueblo. We hope to securefrom these experiments, sufficient seed to plantlarger acreages next year, and eventually to improvethe quality and increase the yield of these crops.The prospects of success in these paperiments at thistime are good.