- 6-There are many over- grazed areas on the reservationwhichshould be protected. The Zuni River valley has been over- grazedfor years because of the lack of water on the outlying mesas.The Emergency Conservationwork has provided reservoirs over theentire reservation and wells have been sunk in places where reservoirs could not be placed. The program now in operation forthe drilling of deep wells will utilize other portions of therange where water couldnnot be provided by either reservoirsor shallow wells. It is believed that by the completionof theE. C. W. program on April 1, 1935, the entire reservationwillbe so watered that the range can be used in a manner that willprovide protection for the over- grazed areas and allow vegetation to start where erosion is now carrying away the soil. InEmergency Conservationwork, thirty- one reservoirs for stockwa ter have been constructedand nine teen springs and shallowwells for range water. 76, 000 acres have been treated for rodent control and over 9, 00รณ small erosion dams constructed.The program for the future in this work is along rangemanagement. Our forest ranger, who has during the past yeargiven his entire time to Emergency Conservationwork, will work.with the stockman and farmer on range management and placing theherds where they will do the least damage to the range and willreceive better pas turage. An educationalcampaign has been under way for the past two years and the Zunis are enthusiastically favorableto our range managementprogram.In conclusion, I would state that our view of the future onthe Zuni reservationis one of optimism. The Indians have notneglected their work along farming lines while carrying out theE. C. W. program and have made better than an average crop thepast year while engaged in this work. Nor have they neglectedtheir sheep, which show an increase of 4, 200 over last year' scount. They are accepting better farming methods and have madedecided improvementsin their homes and in the acquisition offarm machinery, wagons and work animals, and it is believed thatwhen this work stops they will be enabled to provide for thierown needs through the activitiesin which they have engaged inthe past and will continue in the future.