- 4-
The se Indians own very few cattle. Their principal stock
industry is that of sheep. They own approximately 40, 000 head--
more than their range will care for without leasing land from the
Santa Fe Company. They are građually increasing the quality of
their sheep but cannot increase the number because of lack of range.
The number is thought to be decreased the past year, caused by the
purchase of second- hand cars, and the payments and gasoline require
ments. A very few will ſeea during the winter, although the ones
Who are doing this show the value of doing so to the others. The
outlook is good for the sheep industry because oI the fair price
obtained for both lambs and wool the past year. There is no stock
belonging to white men, except occasional trespass stock, on the
Reservation, and none is wanted. The Indians use all of their
range and, as stated above, lease a considerable acreage. The In
dians could use more improved rams but their purchase should be
delayed until settlement is made for the ones already purchased.
There is no tribal nerd here.
The Zunis cannot care lor dairy cattle as long as they all
live in villages where they have no pasture or ſeed for cows. If
they could be induced to move to the land held by them, where they
could keep chickens, pigs and milch cows, no doubt they would keep
them and then the infant mortality would be greatly reduced. A
dairy nerd is kept at the Sanatorium School. There is attached a
photo of the new dairy barn and herd. As soon as this can be done
a dairy herd should be kept at the Day School where the babies of
the village could secure milk. Our herd consists or a good grade
or Holsteins, with a registered bull. The only object lesson is
the manner in which their cnilaren increase in weight wnen brought
to the Sanatoriurn School. These Indians could purchase milch cows
but under present conditions it is not thought advisable. Some:
have milén goats which are helpful, especially on the outlying dis
tricts, were they can care for them. A few on the districts milk
cows during the summer while they live away from the pueblo.
Pottery, silversmitning, shell and beaä Work and some blank
et vreaving are increasing among the Zunis as the demand for such
products increase with the tourist trade, which is growing in this
section.
The work of the returned student compares quite favorably with
the old Indians' and his methods are a great improvement over the
old. In actual energy, the old Indian is generally his superior.
The farmer and stockmen work among the adult Indians except in
time of emergency when their services are required elsewhere. It
