ANNUAL REPORT, 1927.-
ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO.
NARRATIVE.
SECTION No. 1----- LAW AND ORDER.
The present agency buildings are adequate for our needs.
The present agency force is sufficient for our needs.
No difficulty is experienced in maintaining proper order on
the reservation. The Zunis are a peaceable people and give but
little trouble and when small difficulties arise among them, the
officers of the village render assistance in settling such dis
putes and it is but seldom that this office is called upon to
maintain order among them.
The most serious offences perpetrated by these Indians is
the nonobservance of marital relations. The fact that when
married by legal proceedure, it is necessary to secure divorce
through the court with the expense incidental to securing same,
causes these Indians to follow the Indian custom marriage and
then too frequent Indian custom divorce. There should be a law
which would compel legal marriage among these Indians and some
manner by which a superintendent could enforce such a law.
The old Indian dances are indulged in among the Zunis from
early fall until late spring with a few mixed in during the sum
mer months. While the character of these dances are not such as
to in any way injure the morals of the ones who indulge in them
or who watch them, the damage is in the effect it has upon the
individual Indian and the Indian children. While dancing, very
little attention is paid to regular hours, either in eating or
sleeping and this is especially bad for the Indian children from
the Mission and Day Schools. As to the policy which should be
pursued in regard to these dances, I believe it is chiefly one of
education. Give the Indian something better to occupy his mind
and his time and he will gradually get away from these dances as
experience has shown this to be the case in many of the tribes.
The protestant Mission is working among the returned students
and the younger Indians, while at the Day School and at the agency
headquarters, meetings are held for the returned students and as
soon as our power plant is installed, it is hoped that a moving
picture machine may be purchased., with other diversions to occupy
the minds and attention of these people, they will gradually break
away from their old customs and their dances. While the smaller
children hardly ever join in these dances, the returned students
and the larger children, not only view them, but participate in
them. There are some dances that the children are the central
actors, and in some, it is necessary for the girls, especially,
to be in training for a certain period and there is some friction
between the agency employees and the Indians because of our refusal
to allow the children to absent themselves from school to prepare
anå indulge in these ceremonials and dances.
- l-
