Southern
Pueblos
Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION I
LAW AND ORDER
This Agency is located
in an eight- room brick dwelling
at
the corner of Second and New York Avenue, the office being on the
lower floor and the Superintendent
' s quarters on the second floor.
It has yard space for gerages and a warehouse and is sufficient
for the purpose for which it is used. There is no room at the
present time in the Federal Building and we do not believe it
advisable to transfer this office to the proposed new Federal
Building for the reason that we would still have to lease garages
and a warehouse, which we have at the present time.
There is a sufficiency of agenoy employees for the needs of
this agency
.
We are experiencing serious difficulty in maintaining proper
order in the reservations of this jurisdiction for the reason that
there is no legal machinery available to handle any cases except
the seven specified crimes in addition to the Prohibition Act.
At one time there was established at this agency a Court of Indian
Offenses with four Indian Judges, and while this was not entirely
satisfactory it was much better than nothing at all, which is the
case at the present time. We are endeavoring to overcome this by
having the Governors of each pueblo act as chief law officer and
judge, and in cases of serious offenses we have approved of the
sentences given by the Governor and placed the guilty persons in
the county jail at Government expense. This is very unsatisfactory
due to the fact that there is no supervision over the trials held
by the various Governors and the way is open for a serious mis
carriage of justice in most of the cases. We believe that a code
of criminal laws should be established for the Indian pueblos as
near to the state criminal code as practicable, this to be adminis
tered through the Federal Courts. It might be possible to make the
U. S. Commissioners committing magistrates for minor offenses, and
felonies can be handled by the U. S. District Court. We do not be
lieve it would be necessary to establish any more U. S. Commissioners
for the reason that these Indians are, on the whole, very law abiding.
Simple assault and battery, domestic difficulties, and social crimes
cover a great majority of offenses committed by these Indians.
The Indians of this jurisdiction hold quite a few Indian dances
of a religious nature, which are apparently harmless in themselves
except that they consume quite a bit of time which could probably
be better used in other pursuits. There seems to be a tendency to
gradually do away with these dances as the returned students in
crease, and I believe that it is just a question of time until the
