United States Indian SchoolMont Pleasant, MichiganNARRATIVE.SECTION III---- Schools.The City of Mount Pleasant, Michigan, has an estimat od populationof 4500 and is a great school town. There are four separate systems ofschools: The Public Schools, the Central State Nortnal, the stateTraining School for teachers, connected with the Normal; a Catholic school oracademy, and the Federal Indian School; and I am happy to add that thebest of harmony exists among those various institutions, and all intercourse is of the most friendly nature.Regarding the attendance of Indians in the public schools of Michigan,I am of the belief that this is almost a failure, not because the schoolsare too far away from their homes but on account of the transient lifeof the majority of the Indians. They live wherever there is work forthem to do, in logging camps in the winter and in the borry and belotfiolds and fishing sections in the summer; in fact, any place where theycan secure omployment, temporary or otherwise. There are special casoswhere some own good- sized farms, are doing well, and are on equal standing in their communities with the white people. But the rovi ng lifeof the majority naturally puts the children far behind their whitebrothers, especially in their school work, and many would rather remainaway altogether than to attend the public schools only intermittently.The pupils of this school have the advantage of a two years' courseof vocational training; this covers engineering, carpentry, farmingand dairying for the boys, while the girls have sewing, domestic scienceand nursing, all as prescribed by the course of study outlined by yourOffice.We need an additional building for the small girls, separate entirely from the large girls' home. Our girls dormitory under prsent conditionsmakes it difficult for the matron to handle the different- sized or- agodgirls. We have two boys' buildings, and separating the small boys fromthe larger makes it much easier and better for the boys..The drinking of strong liquor by the pupils has never been known tooccur here, and I believe it is for this reason that I can properly statethat we hardly ever have a really incorrigible pupil. We have no jail.As our course of study has been followed, I am glad to say that wehave boys and girls capable of taking up more advanced work or of going outand making their living. We have few incorrigibles, as stated above. Punishment is usually o nfined to extra Work, etc..The pupils going out to make their living from this school find thattheir greatest trouble lies with the people for whom they work, or comein contact with. These people do not appreciate that they have attended