실
Page 2
" Law and Order"
The religious welfare of these Indians is looked after principally
by the Catholic Priests, as the majority of the Indians are Catholics. However,
there is a Presbyterian Missionary stationed at Laguna, and there is also one
at Jemex,
Regarding the liquor traffic among the Indians here, I wish to say
that if the Indians have the price of a bottle of whiskey they have no trouble
in getting it. Quite a large number of the Mexican population make their living
by bootlegging, and the Indians can get it whenever they have the cash on hand.
Withall, we have not had much drunkeness throughout the Pueblos, except at the
Sandia Pueblo, which has a population of about 100. They live near the town of
Bernalillo, and drink more intoxicating liquor than all the rest of the pueblos
put together. They seem to be hopeless. The state authorities pay little atten
tion to the liquor traffic among the Indians. Mr. Stearns, Chief of the prohibi
tion force here, has at all times shown a willingness to co- operate and his men
have always responded willingly when called upon for help by me, At the present
time the Superintendent, two farmers, and two Indians are deputy special officers,
but I do not believe it will be of any assistance to have any of the above appoint
ed as deputy sheriffs. These Indians do not make any intoxicating beverages ex
cept wine, and this I have found in two cases. One Indian had a half barrel of
vine at the Jemez Pueblo, and another party at Isleta had manufactured wine. This
is made from the grapes grown by the Indians themselves. The use of Peyote or
Mesoal is unknown to these Indians. Neither are they addicted to the use of
extracts or patented medicines. The main trouble in getting a conviction here of
anyone selling liquor to an Indian, or introducing liquor on an Indian reservation,
is that the authorities always prefer to try them under the Volsted Act, which
means a fine or a few days in prison. If we could get them to prosecute under the
old law of selling liquor to an Indian, I believe it would have a benefitting
effect.
I do not know the situation prior to the national prohibition act here,
but I do lonow, as above stated, that any Indian who has$ 2.00 to purchase whiskey
with can get it from the neighboring Mexicans. None of these Indians are addicted
to the use of drugs.
Gambling does not enter into the life of the pueblo Indians. There
is less gambling here than on any of the reservations I have ever been in contact
with.
name Commich
T. F. McCormick,
Superintendent,
TFM: AD
