1
)
1
( 12)
Health:
There are no schools on the Moqui Indian Reservation for the
Navajo; therefore all reference to schools refers to the Moqui
Day Schools for the Hopi, the Moqui Boarding School being closed.
Aside from trachoma, the general health conditions are quite
as good as may be expected, considering the mode of life of the
Hopi Indian. Regularly throughout the school term the eyes of
pupils are treated for trachoma, and it is believed that the
disease has been checked to a considerable degree. This work has
continued for six years.
During 1916 it was reported that Smallpox had attacked Navajo
Indians of the Navajo( Fort Defiance Agency) Reservation, in the
vicinity of the Chin Lee District. Later this disease spread to
the Navajo of the northern and eastern sections of the Moqui Reserve,
via the Chin Lee Valley, and its spread can be directly traced to
the fact that when not fully recovered Navajos will attend gatherings
at" medicine sings." Later, in 1917, this disease proceeded down
the country of the moqui east line, thence into the south and along
the south line. Up to the present writing the disease has not
attacked the Hopi population. The Physicians of the Mooui Reserve
busied themselves in vaccinating as many Navajos as possible, and it
is thought that quite 1, 000 vaccinations had been effected before
the disease reached the vicinity of Indian Wells, whence went up a
roer from a missionary who had had no thought of the trouble before.
In answer to this explosion of wrath and criticism, most of it
directed toward Indian Agents who had not performed the impossible,
the Indian Office directed Dr. Shoemaker to make an investigation
of the conditions. Dr. Shoemaker made an extensive investigation
of the conditions, and stated that in his opinion vaccination had
been all that was possible for Agents to accomplish. A large number
of Indians were vaccinated during this trip, and vaccinating of those
located in the vicinity of infected camps has continued to this
writing. On the Moqui Reservation not more than three deaths
resulted from the disease, it is believed, judging from reports that
are not always complete and clear.
While Smallpox has been kept from the Hopi villages so far,
three towns of the Second Mesa were attacked by the scourge of
measles. This disease was brought onto the reservation by an
Indian family that had been employed at the Grand Canyon. It was
discovered in April. During i9ii, when first taking charge of
this reservation, the Indians were suffering from measles, and
because the Indian Office at that time would not consider means
of quarantine and field hospital treatment, between 200 and 300
children died. In the recent case, authorities to quarantine
villages and install the sick in proper hospitals was promptly
received. The Second Mesa villages were cut off from all other
Hopi village points, the superintendent demanding of the First Mesa
and Oraibi villagers that they furnish their own guard in a day and
