- 5-
THE USE OF LANDS
Not only is judicial use made of all lands upon the reser
vation but approximately two townships of railroad lands are
le ased outside the reservation for grazing purposes. We have no
forestry activities here as the forest lands upon the reservation
are leased to whites and are under the Forestry supervision.
There are small irrigation projects at each of the four out
lying districts and those at Pescado and Nutria are being deve
loped under an appropriation for the present year by the Irriga
tion department of the Indian Service. At Pesacdo two large
springs have become water- logged because of silting and filling
in, and improper handling by the Indians, and these are being
protected and drained; while a small dam is being constructed
which will more than double the amount of lands irrigated under
this project. At Nutria, where the diversion dam constructed by
the Indians and the Agency force, has become in such condition
as to be of little value, a diversion dam with a rock spillway
is being constructed which will give sufficient storage to in
crease the acreage under this project. At Ojo Caliente, where
the floods of the past year have deepened the arroyos sufficient
ly to threaten the water supply,$ 1, 000 was placed as an emergen
cy appropriation by your office and an extension spillway con
structed to replace the one that had been destroyed by the se
floods. A headgate was purchased which will be installed during
the coming fall and the Indians have been hauling rock and brush
for stopping the erosion in the arroyos which threaten their
water supply, and in this manner are caring for the situation at
that place. The Irrigation Department at Albuquerque has under
consideration the caring for the large springs at this station
in the same manner as those at Pescado. All the irrigable lands
at Ojo Caliente have become water- logged under the crude methods
of irrigation used by the Indians and it is planned, as soon as
an appropriation can be made available, on correcting this and
bringing back to cultivation the lands at this place which are
now useless to the Indians because of this condition.
As no allotments have been made here no land has been sola
and no land leased to outside parties.
