-2Law& Order( continued)Hopi Indian AgencyThe Hopis are great danc ers. They have many Indian ceremonies.Some of them are very interesting and of a good character, others can becriticized from the white man's view point. I think more harm than goodwould come from any interference with these ceremonies at this time. Asthe Indians leave the mesas and make separate locations out in the valleysand on the reservation, these dances will greatly deteriorate and be doneaway withWhile they dance too much now for their own good, still it istheir only recreation and amusement and I have yet to see one of theirdances so vulgar or so bad that I thought it should be suppressed. TheNavajos do not dance near ly as much as the Hopis. They are both moremoderate in the number and the occasi ons for such dancing. Most of theirdances are" Yaibi Chis", a dance given for some sick person. Outside ofthe introduction of liquor from nearby white comunities at one or two ofthese dances, I have never seen anything di sagreeable or immoral at one ofthese occasions. The Navajos get together peacefully, quietly, and earnestly,hold their dance ceremonials and then quickly disperse on all occasions whereliquor is not introduced. At present, we are having no trouble with liquorintroduction on account of the fact that our Special Officer has stoppedall such practices and the best class of Indians are assisting him in everyway to prevent any immoral or disagreeable features at any of these danc es.( a) I think the se dances should be continued. There are not verymany of them during the year and so long as we have a white officer to prevent any disagreeable or imrno ral practices and to assist the Indians inevery way to be unmole s ted in their ceremonies, I do not see that any harmcan be dae. It is surprising to me that the Navajos have such few suchceremonies. I believe what they do have is necessary to their methods andcustoms of living. More harm than good could come from any policy of forceto prevent these ceremonials.( b) The Nava jos allow very few children to per ticipate in their dances.There is consider able cri ti ci sm against the Hopis for allowing not onlynewly retumed students but Day School pupils to per ticipate in their oldtime ceremonials, especially those ceremonials occupying most of the nightheld in kevas or underground chambers. The se children have to participate,many of them against their om wishes and desires, and the next day it ispractically impossible for them to keep awake duting school hours. We havefound a lso that amother detrimental feature of this sustom is that the eyesof the children are affected.The marriage and divorce customs on the Hopi Reservation are thosepractically established by the Indians all over the country in the past.Former superintendents with myself have urged and some times forced youngpeople to become legally marri ed according to laws of the State, but as wehave no legal authority to do so a number of the young people may easilydefy us in our attempts to have all marriages legal. This attitude is very