2009
for
me
nat
me
Fib,
Lorissa Valencia San Felipe Pueblo
I want to take this time to thank everyone who has been a part of
my life and pushed me to strive for the best. My family and friends,
thank you for always being there for me. Four years of high school
went by fast, and I' m going to remember every part of it. All the
" good times ” me and my friends" the crew ” had. Damn I' m going to
miss those days, I love you guys! You guys are the best, you never
let me down, you all got my back just like I have yours. I am so
going to miss you guys a lot! What am I saying were probably still
going to see each other around. HaHaHa. Also thanks to the
teachers who have helped me along the way. Finally that time has
come for us to get out of here and do our thing in the world. Yeah
Class of 2009!
Castia Yepa, Jicarilla Apache, Colville and Comanche
Danzhoo... lol it' s been a long road of laughs, tears and most of all memories and
experience. I' ve had fun and crazy times here at SFIS for three years. Nearly five
years of high school have passed and I still haven' t given up. To my sister Chu Chu, I
love you, tear it up next year and do your best. To the b- ball crew( Shalome, Stev,
Trev, Joe, Jody, Jamaal and Darren) I love you guys, you made my senior year worth
it and so I want you guy to succeed and take championship next year. To the rest of
the ballers do your best and step up. To Matt Montoya, you weirdo, do your work and
play ball next year, or you know what will happen. To Coach Rod, thanks for being
there and all the talks, you were like a second dad. To DJ Grand Master Hooch aka
Sean thanks for everything and teaching me the ways of life. I remember when I met
you on 13th street lol. To the senior crew, Brad, Shadie, Sam, Tiff, Lu, Lace and
everyone else thanks for everything. You guys are awesome. To Eyaa, my roomie, I' m
gonna miss you and all those late nights of dancing, laughs and crazy moments. To my
mom Gulibert thanks for being my mentor and for everything else. To Anna Aguino, I
love you mom!! To everyone else I forgot, I love you and have fun, do your best. Class
of 2009, we finally did it! XOXOXO! MUUAAAHHHH
!!!!! I' m out. Late.
David Youngbear Santo Domingo Pueblo
After six years at SFIS, it is finally going to be all over. I know I' m
going to miss my friends and all the fun times we had together. I woud
like to thank them for being great pals and always keeping things
intresting. I' m going to miss Dirb, CJ, Big H, Little James, Dennis,
Scott, Jeremy, Pat, Matt L., Kelly, Garrett, Travis, Lawrence,
Tristen, Alex R., Clovis, Keiffer, Christian, Ray and Matt B. They
have all been great friends and are all funny. What I' m going to miss
most about school is going to games, watching movies with friends,
and gaining new friends. High school was the best 4 years of my life.
My friends were like family and I will never forget them when I leave
SFIS. I wouldn' t tarde my friends and memories
for anything in the
world. CIO 2009
Matthew Lasloo Zuni
I want ot say thank you to all the teachers that helped me through the years and to all of the
crew. I' m not sayin any names, you know who you are. To all the B- Boys and B- girls, tear it up
next year, you go it. To the football team, I better see you cats getting tuked out of your socks
and laid out like pancakes. I can' t forget my family that wanted me to do well and always
supporting me, thank you. Everybody else, I won' t see, take care and be safe. PEACE.
Uriah Nez Santa Clara/ Navajo
Well first off I' d like to say congrats clo" 09" we did it!! To my mom, dad, and my daughter Neveah, thanks for pushing
me and being there for me, I love you guys. Especially my monkey Veah!! As for Chewt, Aileen, Sam, Abby, Moo- Ki,
" D", Lu, Kari, Mitz, James, Nikki, Christian, Glenn, Cory, etc. and my best bud, my partner in crime, V- DUBZ.
Thanks for the laughs& good times. Also many thanx to the teachers. O can' t forget about my lil bro CK. Keep your
head up& to my fatty, you only have one more year left so keep it up!! To everyone else, keep going and don' t give up!!
Congrats class of 2009!!
