Special honlth services have been provided in cooperation with S11
Conservation service at l'exican Springe, Publie Works Construction program
at window Rook, and to a lesser degree in other places where considerable
numbers of adult male Indians were brought together in camps. These were
given heslth examinations, medical care, first aid servie., hospitalization
shara noaded, and whor present their families were attended as well.
MEDICAL DESDS: AS Hon as ponsible there should be provided to aduentional
and HIOA) Divisions et Kaya je Sorrior a health educator qualified to con
duet& program of health education in the board lug and day schools.
Thres physicians and five nurso. should be provided in addition to pre
ant start to take care of contingene ios which arise from time to time. At
pressat all of the physicians and nurses are in the front line trenches and
there is no reserve to call upon in cases of sieknoss, educational louve,
annual leava, or uovers epidantes. The Washington office has recognised this
need and is starting to meet it by eving favorable consideration to the
appointment of one extra physician who will be considered as availabl. wher
ver most needed.
More Interpreters are needed. Pield physicians and nurses are not fume
$ ioning to capacity because of their inability to speak tw language of the
people, of the poorle to speak English. Without being able to ask questions,
secure answers when they ses patients in elinies, hogans and in hospitals
1t eannot be reasonably expected that they w111 dvor perfom their most sf
fleient servies. In principle, every field nurse and every fiold physieint
should have an interpreter qualified in both languages.
X- AY: In this day and age, we still claiz to have what az emllad hospitals
without X- rays, not even the amallest portablo unit. There are two
such at Chin Les and Tohatchi. Our Washington Office has been very
sympathetie and setiva regarding this need and during ths past year
new X- ray equipment has been secured for Loups and Crownpoint.
LABORATORY: No hospital and no płysician can funetion without having aceosa
to laboratory aids and diagnosis. The abington office has
recognised this weed in providing us with additional mioroscopes.
Thay contemplate sending we also# laboratory technician for
doing laboratory examinations requiring special skill and which
cannot be ordinarily taken by an isolated physieion. This lab
oratory technician will also be responsible for training local
physicians in doing ordinary laboratory routine examinations.
BASE HOSPITAL: This long standing need, it appears, is finally to be met by
an appropriation which has been made for a new hospital at
Port Defiance. Here we hope to have fnetlities and equipment
and personnel to do our best wadieel and surgical work in
airfieuit cakes. In addition, this bese bespits2 is to serve
As a place for the continuous training of medieal and nursing
personnel through the easignment of new cars tor e abort
stay while being broksa te harness; through the holding of
medical and nursing meetings at Intervals; through the sending
trom other hospitals within reach their airfieult medical and
surgiend eases.
12
