Circular 2316.0Narrative, Annual Report, 1928.Has tern Nava ho Agency,Law& Order.Mar reige customs are about as la st year, some secure licenseand marry under the law of the state while practically all ofthe une ducated merry by tribal custom.Indian courst is held the last day of each month and whilewe have no paid' judges, the head mer are charged with theresponsibility of settling minor cases, such as family trouble,disputes over range, stock etc., but cases ofany consequenceare reported to the District Attorney for such action as anycase may seem to warrant. The Indiens ar e always advised thatthey have the right of appeal from any Indian court findings.Our observation is that the head men who act as judges reallytry to be fair in their dealings and feel that they have serveda good purpose. Parties at interest aregiven the rightto approve head men to act as judges in their ca se, with nomember of litigent's clan to be eligible in that particular case.Itv is our endeavor to promote honestly and fairness indisposition of any case for without close attention there mightbe results, that would be open for criticism and such thingswe wish very much to avoid.Since the report of last year the Christian ReformedChurch has placed another missionary in the field with a stationat San Antonio, where Stockman NO. 1. Mr. Joe W. Moore islocated, he should be able to carry on the work among the Indiansas this missionary Mr. Her ry D. Boyd talks and under stends theNavaho Ienguage perfectly.The liquor situation is not improved, I can learn of no stillsnow being operated by the Indians, but some of the Indians aregetting to be like some of the white topers, they stand in withsome favorite bootlegger and the difficulty of prohibitionenforcement is obvious. They havemany automobiles and with betterroads being constructed gives them easier means of getting boozethen ever before. Enforcement of prohibition laws, seems to notmeet with public approval and officers, who try to do their dutyin such work, often receive severe criticism from the judges ofthe Federal court and are ready to dismiss a case against thebootlegger on any slight infraction of so ine techinal offenseeven when the evidence is conclusive. Failure to secure search twarrants, u.s.Commissioners will not issue warrants except upon affidaviof sale, tho an officer may know that there is booze being sold orin possession of some bootlegger, makes the situation doubly hardand is discouraging to the people in the field. There should be amore liberal interpretation of the Prohibition laws or elseamended, with a real penalty ttt.eched to any conviction with notless than 6v months imprisonment for first offense. Fines againstconvicted bootlegzers are only a joke and does but little tostop this nefarious business.