NARRATIVE SECTION.Annual Report, 1919.Section III.San Juan SchoolSchools.We heve very little relationship with the public schools.The first public free schools under State jurisdiction were 0pened during the present year. There was one here at the Ageency and one at Toadlera. The one here averaged about ten pupilsand was fortunate in having every excellent teacher. Owing tothe influenza, it did not open until December sedond and closedMay 16th, I allowed an empty dwelling to be used for the purposeand the teacher also lived in one of the rooms. No Indian children attended, except those of citizen Indians. The School atToadlena was conducted in the mission buildings and two familiesfurnished most of the pupils.There are two schools under this jurisdiction, one here atthe Agency and the other at Toadlena.The Shiprook School has acapacity of one hundred boys and eighty girls, but runs over thatnumber most of the time. The Toadle na School has& capacity ofeight y pupils, equally divided as to sexes. The Methodist schoolat Farmington cares for thirty pupils. About thirty others areattending non- reservation schools- over twenty of them at Sherman Institute. At most not more than three hundred twenty fiveof our children are attending school. It is estimated that wehave not less than fifteen hundred children who are able and shouldbe attending school. This 18& low estimate. Some put it ashigh as twenty five hundred.The lowest possible estimate leavesus with fully& thousand children wholly without school facilities.The remedy 18 more schools ar the enlerging of the ones we have.The Shiprook Sohool oould easily be increased to a capacity offour hundred fifty or five hundred pupils. A second story on thetwo dormitories at Toadlena would make a school of one hundredfifty. A considerable number of children could be sont to theschools at Albuquerque and Santa Fe if they could be induced toaccept the primary pupils. I have talked this matter over withSuperintendent DeHuff and he has expressed a willingness to takesome twenty beginners from here. My teachers naturally object todoing all the hard work and then letting the non- reservationschools take the pupils just when they get to where they are interesting and the previous hard work begins to show. We do notuse the State course of study in our schools. There 18 no reason why we should, since our pupils will not pe 88 from our school12.