1
SOINTI TAMMTAA
5.
Jicarilla
Indian Agency
Section 4
Industries
herd furnishes milk, and butter for the Sanatorium and hospital
as well as to sick Indians on the reservation who are in need of
milk and cream. This dairy herd was purchased in 1920 and all
Heifers have been kept until the herd numbers 25 head mostly
young animals. Indian men are employed to help care for this
dairy herd and to do the regular farm work at the Sanatorium.
These Indians weave no blankets but they make attractive and
useful baskets for which they always find a ready sale. Some
bead work is done but only a limited number of the Indian women
are engaged in this industry. One sawmill is in operation on
the reservation which furnishes labor to some of the Apache
people during the winter months. However, the Apache is general
ly more interested in farming or stock raising than in lumbering.
The time of farmers and stoc komen is oo cu pied mostly in the field
instructing Indians in the care of their flocks and crops.
The
Superintendent of livestock and one farmer have charge of the
stock raising and farming activities. One stockman is employed
at the Agency looking after the Agency farm and livestook which
is necessary to keep here and the other stockman has charge of
our tribal cattle, head quarters of which is located 42 miles
southwest of this Agenoy.
Three Indian farmers' and stockmen's
organizations are organized on the reservation.
This jurisdiction has one licensed trader and with the small towns
off the reservation which are opened to the trade of Indians,
these people have ample facilities for the purchase of supplies
and sale of their products. Lambs and wool are mostly purchased
by the Indian trader here and the Indians receive a fair price
for the products which they have to sell. Wool brought them
33 ° per pound this year which is fully one cent more per pound
than most of the wool brought in this locality. Lambs brought
1024 f.0.b. Dulce during the fall of 1927.
An Agenoy sawmill is maintained and operated at this jurisdiction
primarily to furnish lumber for the improvement of Indian homes
and for repairs and improvements at the Agency and Sanatorium.
This mill was moved during the present fiscal year to a new
location near good timber which will probably supply the juris
diction in its present location for a ten year period.
There are a few ruins on this reservation but none of these have
been excavated.
The Indians have one big celebration which takes place on the 13,
14 and 15 of September each year near Stone Lake on this reservation.
