A government of elder men would need be conservative..
The council is usually made up of men who have served as
governor. The governors are men of mature years, seldom
under fifty. Most of the governors today can read and
write. They are the young men of thirty and forty years
ago, radicals then perhaps, but conservative with the years.
Friction does arise between ancient customs
and modern ideas and will likely increase as
Pueblo
years go by, but with all the criticism of
Council
the young and saucy it is seldom that a
pueblo defies the authorities of his people.
In general there are two major parties in
the pueblo, and for want of better description they are known
as the summer and winter people. The party in power is conser
vative in thought and procedure, while the party out seizes
every occasion to enlist interest, advice, and sympathy for
platform and favor. Criticism of those in authority is often
colored and exaggerated, and always indefinite from our lack
of understanding.
There has been this year considerable study given to
the Pueblo government. There is occasion for more study
and certainly they should be tolerated, fostered, and res
pected, and maybe strengthened to meet present demands.
The one change imposed on the Pueblo governments in 1620,
as above mentioned, represents the only outstanding change
in the centuries. As strange too, is the fact that the
first republican institution on the conti
Court of
nent, the annual election of governors,
Indian
should have come as a Decree from the
Offenses
Spanish Crown, frowning then, as all other
Crowns, on the principle of elections. For
some two decades there was provided a court
for Indian offenses which functioned in some of the pueblos,
but which was discontinued about eight years ago. This took
from the governor and his officials judicial functions which
they have never been able to reassume. The undetermined
status of the Pueblo Indian has long been a problem of state,
department and court, and until legislation, departmental
regulation, or court decision defines that status many
questions of law and order will be without settlement.
The Pueblo Indians have been identified with continental
history for almost four hundred years, and for a period even
longer than that they were subsistence farmers, self- support
ing and community minded, living in fixed homes and enjoying
food, clothing, art, legend, and dramatics comparable then
with the leading nations of the old world. Environment de
