1
1
SECTION IV--
INDUSTRIES
The Pueblo Indians occupy" original grants" of land reooi ved
from the Spanish Crown in 1689. They also have acquired lands by pur
ohase, and certain of the Pueblos have had additional lands set
aside for their use under Exeoutive Orders. These lands are in two
large drainage areas, the valley of the Rio Grande and that of the
San Jose River; while the Jeez and Sia grants, on the Jemez river,
a northern tributary of the Rio Grande, are practically separated
from the others. There are wide differences in temperature, rainfall
and soil conditions. The eight Pueblo reservati ong" under this
Agency may not be classed as one agricultural proposition.
The coa tral pueblos, such as San Fe 11pe, Santa Ana, Sandia and
Isle ta are often inundated by spring floods of the Rio Grande and
usually have plenty of water for irrigation, the Laguna and Acoma
lands( on the San Jose) suffer for water and would present a condition
more nearly similar to the Navajo desert were it not for the soil,
which is mostly a heavy adobe. Jemez and Sia have a considerable
river to draw from, but the mountainous character of the country
presents irrigation difficulties, and too they have great areas of
sand dumes.
The Pueblos of the Rio Grande, while being most fortunately
situated in matter of irrigation possibilities, also suffer with the
other settlers of the Rio Grande valley because of too much water.
The average water table of the Rio Grande valley is today said to
be 23 inches. This presents the necessity for drainage of an
enoromous area. This drainage must be in cooperation with the state
and county lands, and properly managed will affect San Felipe, Santa Ana,
Sandia and Isle ta. The Pueblo of San Felipe will not acquire many
additional acres through drainage as it is located we re the valley is
quite narrow; but the other pueblos named would increase the ir arrable land
immensely, the Supervising Enginaer, Mr. H. F. Robinson, stating that
Saadia and Isleta will acquire about 3000 additional acres each.
Survey for a drainage ditch across the Isleta lands has already
been made by the Indian Irrigation Service and work và 11 be started
thereon during the early part of the fiscal year 19 24.
The Pueblo Indians have been for generations successful farmers
and about the only assistance which may be given them by the government
at the present time is in connection with improved and enlarged
irrigation projects and drainage of the valley lands together with the
cementing of irrigation ditches in the desert sections so that much of
the water now lost through seepage may be conveyed to their fields.
-10
