Ali Zuni Indians are self supporting. Generally the
Indians are now well provided with suitable farm equi pment.
They have acquired this equipment through their own efforts
and they house and take care of all implements very credi table.
( a). No live- stock or supplies has been purchased for these
Indians for some time from reimburseble funds.
( b)) Practically all Indians are well provided with suit
able work teams. The se they have as a rule purchased independ
ently without Government assistance..
A large amount of fencing is to be found about the culti
vated area, Most of this has been done by the Indians through
their individual efforts. A fence on the Reservation to pre
vent the trespassing of stock belonging to outsiders is great
ly needed. Roads on the Reservation are generally in very poor
condition. Considerable expenditure is needed to improve the
roads and construct the necessary bridges.
Indians annualrdo considerable road work without compen
sation. This is done on their own initiative. Each community
takes care of the roads in their vicinity. Practically nothing
has been expended by the Government for the up- keep of roads for
a number of years past.
Water resources on the Reservation are used to the fullest
extent. Springs are developed, streams are deverted and tanks
are constructed. This". Work is all done by the Indians. The
Zuni Dam, the main storage for irrigation is gradually filling
up. It is understood that provisions has been made to raise it
to insure adequate water supply for sometime in the future.
The se Indians have no allotments, their farms are protect
ed by fences. They have small houses there on, but the Indian
1ives aB a rule in their Pueblo and go out on the farms to work.
No lands on the Reservation are leased. Stock- raising is
one of the principal activities of this Reservation, sheep
rai sing is the principal actitity in this line. The number of
sheep is not increasing. The quality is steadily improving.
( a). Losses of stock on the Reservation have been com
paratively small,
( b) Indians are feeding their work- horses more than form
erly during the winter. All other stock depend on the range
for their living the entire year. As a rule they do very well.
- 12
