19.The trading facilities open to the Indians of this Jurisdictionconsist of thirty- ono licensed trading posts and fifteen unlicensed tradingpocts. In addition to these, the town of Gallup, Nor Mexico, with a population of sevon thousand, lies adjacent to the reservation. The Indiansalso have opportunity to trado at several other small railroad toms.( a) I am of the opinion that the licensed traders are fair intheir dealings with the Indians. As a matter of fact, most of them contribute a great deal in pramoting the welfare of the Indian people by encouraging them in their stock raising and farming operations, and incomection with their health and educational problems. We find the licensedtraders, and many of the unlicensed traders, very willing to cooperate withus in every reasonable way in our endeavors to advance the cause of theNava jo people.20.It is estimated that this jurisdiction has a billion and a halfboard feet of merchan table Yellow Pine timbor. During the past year we havehad two mills in operation. The principal function of one of these is tosupply lumber for the needs of the Government in connection with the construction and repair program.The other one is used for the sole purposeof providing lumber for the Indians. About two and one- half years ago acontract was made covering the sale of five hundred million board feet atimber. This is still in effect, but owing to the general bus iness depression,the operation of the company has not begun.21.There are numerous ruins on the reservation. These ruins wereevidently at one time peopled by ancestors of the Pueblo. There are alsoextensive prehistoric cliff dwellinge in the vicinity of Canyon de Chellyand Canyon del Muerto, which canyons have recently become a NationalMomment by enactment of Congress.22.The only Indian fair, in the way of exhibition, is the Inter- TribalIndian Ceremonial which is held during the latter part of August each year,at which time the arts and crafts of the Navajos are exhibited, and theagricultural and other products from the Navajo country are displayed. ThisInter- Tribal Indian Ceremonial contributes a great deal towards properlyadvertising to the public the arts and crafts, and the industry, of theNavajo Indians. A great deal of competitionhas developed during the pastyear between the different Chapter organizations in the exhibition ofproducts, I am of the opinion that preliminary Indian fairs held at theAgency would be beneficial in stimulating the various industries. Such fairscould be handled most advantageously in connection with our Chapterorganizations.23.Aside from the Inter- Tribal Indian Ceremonial, there are no specialcelebrations unless the various Navajo danc es might be termed as such.24.I think that an Indian fair on the reservation, as an auxiliaryto the Inter- Tribal Indian Ceremonial, mibht be advantageous in more fullydeveloping competition and industry among our people. However, such fairsshould not replace the ceremonial, but only supplement it.17-