1
O
1
O
Commissioner 3.
aside and leaving them to exist by their own efforts. In
June when I was in Washington such legislation was considered
and a rough draft of a bill believed by Supt. Crane of the
Southern jurisdiotion and my- self to be sufficient for this
purpose, was prepared. This rough draft, I believe, was rather
favorably considered by those in the office who have such
matters in charge. Further action is to be taken when Congress
agaºn assembles.
These Indians indulge to quite an extent in old time
Indian dances, the character of which is largely speotacular.
The principal damage done thereby is that it takes them from
their work in the fields and prevents them from seeking elsewhere
for employment than in the immediate vicinity of their homes.
It takes them also from this employment when they are engaged
in it. I do not know that the dances tend to retard their ad
vancement or that they have any particular effect on their
morals. I am not, though, favorably inclined toward these
dances, but believe no drastio action should be taken with
reference thereto and that they should be allowed to gradually
die out, as they will, no doubt, with a continued policy of
education which we are now practicing. Some of the children and
returned students indulge in these dances but not very many.
The marriage and divorce customs of the Indians under
the jurisdiotion are those which we practice. Of course there
are lapses in these, but probably no more than there are among
our own people. We are endeavoring to handle this matter and
make them conform to our ways of doing and are being reasonably
successful along these linės. I am not deputized by the state
to issue marriage licenses. These they must procure in the same
way that the citizens of the State procure them and this is not
unreasonable nor does it work any hardship upon them.
The State laws are not adequate to meet conditions on
the Pueblo grants. The laws themselves, perhaps, are adequate
but the methods of enforcing them would work a hardship upon
the Indians if they were made to apply. The State Authorities
have attempted to make them applicable but our department is
resisting these efforts. The local courts in this vioinity are
all in the hands of the lexicans and it is practically impossible
for an American to get justice where his intefests are antag
onistio to the Mexican interests. This being the base, one can
easily see what would happen to the Indian 1f he were placed
under the exclusive jurisdiotion of the State Courts. The so
called Carter Bill has had considerable consideration by the
friends of the Indian in this vicinity and by the Indians
themselves, and it is the concensus of opinion of those who have
given it careful thought, that the Pueblo Indians should be
exempt from its provisions.
