CRITICISM or EVALUATION OF PRESENT CURRICULUM.
I. The curriculum made during the summer of 1933 for
the Eastern Nava jo School at Crownpoint, N. Mex. was
made with the idea of better fitting the Navajo to
11ve to a greater advantage in his own enviornment.
This, I believe, to be one of the most favorable
things about the present curriculum as a great deal
of the work given before was of no beneifit to the
Navajo when he returned to his home and instead of
giving him an ideal to work for it only made him
discontented and a misfit in his own enviornment.
This curriculum has striven to give to the Navajo
boy and girl such knowledge as will help them to
better their own homes and instill in them just
pride for their own people and their crafts.
Personal health habits, sanitation and healthful
living conditions are very essential for the well
being of the Navajo. These items are given prime
importance in the curriculum. By the continual
stressing of these items from the time the children
enter school on through all the levels, a transfer
to the Navajo homes is bound to take place by degrees
until it is a well established thing.
One of the greatest handicaps the Navajo has is his
inability to understand and speak the English
language. Therefore comprehension and oral expression
are placed next in importance to health.
In order that the children get no failure complex
the curriculum provides that the children be passed
on to another step within the same level if they are
not fitted to go on to the next level. This does
away with having the same work gone over which holds
little or no interest for the pupil once having done
the things in that particular way. Even though the
essential work is the same the units are entirely
different and provide new fields of interest and
expression to the child, and having a different
teacher helps a great deal in not developing the
sense of fallure.
II. The curriculum states that the child needs at least
one year of English vocabulary work. While I know
the necessity for vocabulary I feel that it would be
better to state that the child needs at least one
year of English speaking experience before entering
into actual classroom work.
Item No. 8 Reading To begin to develop a sentence
sense.
