THO NEX EOSPITALS;' The need for one at Oxewngoint has been recognized by
our Washington Oprice and by Congress on a number of
Degabions to continue to hope that eventually a nem
plant will be constructed at this leportant contor,
A second no hospital is needed roxy much et Shiprook
where an enormous amount of good medical and surgical
work te being done under diffionlt eireunstances. Land
has been set asido in expoetation of the day when the
low- lying building, subject to floods, can aither bo
abandoned or designated for other purposes in favor of
a new plant.
RESEARCH: No systematic outstanding piece of research has been done in the
Nava jo health field to my recollection. This is the largest tribe
ol Indians in the Vai tad states. They seem te here a greater de
gres of imunity against cortain diseases then whites or negroes,
as, for exsple, scarlet fever. To what extent are they immune
against diseases? We do not know what influence does their
Nutritional status boar to the incidence of tubereulosis and
trachoma, and te @aries of the teeth? We do not know. It is
said the infant mortality is very high. If this is true, what
are the specific causeat Teom the seientifie viewpoint we do
It is said the Nava fes are particularly free from
tumors, both benign and malignant. Why is thia?
hy is thiae do not
tenow. Whet influence door our average high altitude in the Hava jo
Area have upon the respiratory and circulatory systems We do
not know. There are many research problemas whies oceur to en
ordinary physicien like myself about which we would all like to
have to scientific Informatica. Fortunatoly, in the original
plans of the new base hospital aproved by the Washington Ortice
of Indian arfairs, one or two rooms were included for researeh
and Dr. George W. MeCoy, Director of the National Health Insti
tute, asaured Dr. J. T. Townsend, Director of Healt of the
Indian Series, that he would detail one of his staff qualified
in research to the Navjo res to taks up sonte of these problems.
here are others that are related net so much to biology as to
other phases of Indian life. For example, in the tield of vital
statisties, how can we arrive at a workable, aceurate aysten for
rogistering births and deaths in a population group where indi
viduelo pay so little attention to age and nasest have not
yet found the solution. Perhape soneone qualified in the field
or biometries, with experience elsewhere, could throw light on
our proble
JANITATION PROBLUS: he beginning of sanitation work centers around to provo
ing the safety of water suply and sewage disposal.
poxeluding syrlication from individund Kavajo hogans
because of inpermanency of residence and sconosc cor
alderations, there yet romeina a deplorable aituation
in practically every large agency center in the aree
as regardis aot water supply, but sewage disposal. At
