kas.
ANNUAL REPORT, 1931
Narrative Section
Section 1----- LAW AND ORDER
1
.
With reference to the sufficiency of the present agency
buildings, equipment, etc.; this is to advise that our agency
office should have a small addition and vault which would
cost$ 600. 00. There should be a furnace installed also as
heating with stoves is very unsatisfactory. This would cost
$ 200. 00
2. There is a sufficient number of agency employees for the
need here if some arrangement could be made whereby some em
ployee could be here who could attend to agency work now done
by the agency farmer and stockman which takes time from their
regular line of duties. This employee should have a car fur
nished him and could be sent from place to place to settle the
small matters which do not require the personal attention of
the superintendent. Recommendation has been made that the po
sition of junior clerk could be changed to that of financial
clerk or stockman in order that we could secure one in this
place who would be able to handle both positions. It would re
quire a higher salary than that paid the junior clerk, and one
with more experience and ability to meet the public than is
generally a part of the qualifications of a junior clerk who,-
in most cases, is just from high school and has not the person
ality for one needed in such a position.
3. Each year the difficulty in maintaining proper order upon
the reservation increases as more of the Zunis become addicted
to the use of intoxicants. I would suggest as a remedy some
measure such as the Simms Bill which would care for the situa
tion here.
4. Our greatest difficulty at the present time is the handling
of liquor cases upon the reservation. As for additional legis
lation: note answer to No. 3.
5.
These Indians dance almost continuously from October until
March and these dances are a great damage to them in hindering
them from properly doing their work, and because the ir manner
of dancing in closed buildings with dust and poor ventilation
