Commissioner
of Indian Affairs- Page 2.
soon as the highway department replaces the present 250' bridge with one 1000'
in length, as has been promised, all danger from flood will be removed.
The new water system, replacing the old, which was supplied from an
artesian well, the water of which was impregnated with epsom salts, is supplying
the suhools and agency with good water. The new power, and generating plant is
being installed and will provide continuous service beoon the school and agency.
The copper pipe line has been laid from the Rattlesnake lease to the
agency, a distance of eight miles. This will supply fuel for the generating
engines as well as the entire plant. The gas will be delivered to the plant in
a concentrated liquid form. This will be carburated and produce gas comparable to
natural dry gas. This will give Shiprock an excellent power and fuel system.
New quarters have been built. Many of the older buildings have been
remodeled. The academic building has been added to and provides four new class
rooms and an auditorium of a double capacity of the old assembly room. This,
however, does not provide sufficient space and a new auditorium with seating
capacity of 800 should be built. The modification of the educational program
making Shiprock'a combination Day and Boarding School may result in funds being provid
ed for this construction.
The school and agency at Shiprock maintains a rather large farm. This
farm is under the Hogback Irrigation System and with adequate water is very pro
ductive. Practically all the hay, silage and considerable of the grain consumed by
the work stock and large dairy are produced on this farm. One of the best dairies
in the state is maintained at Shiprock. This produces sufficient milk for both
the boarding schools at Shiprock, the boarding school at Toadlena, the Day School
at Nava and the Hospitals at Toadlena and Shiprock. There is serious doubt in
my mind whether it will be wise to maintain this large dairy next year if the
present plans for reducing the boarding capacity at Shiprock materializes.
The school also maintains enough fine hogs to produce all the pork and
lard consumed by the boarding school. This year, for the first time, we have un
dertaken to develop a poultry department. We have about 1000 Plymouth and White
rock pullets. Early in the winter they were producing about 400 eggs per day.
It is believed this department can be enlarged and that sufficient eggs can be
produced to supply not only the boarding schools but perhaps all of the day schools
and community centers now under construction.
At the present time there are three boarding schools and four day schools
operating on this reservation. These are:
11
០
San Juan Boarding School# 1- Capacity 200 San Juan Boarding School# 2- Capacity 200
Toadlena Boarding School
220 Nava Day School
60
Red Rock Day School 50 Sanostee Day School
60
Tees- nos- pos Day School
25
n
IT
1
