КОАТИ! НТНО ТИЗМ ТАА ДО
3.
Jicarilla Indi an Agency
Section 3
Schools
On the whole, employees have been efficient and loyal and have
cooperated very willingly for the best interest of the institu
tion.
Since there is but one public school on the reservation,
we have very little contact with the officials of the State pub
lic schools. It is planned during the next fiscal year to have
a public school at this Agency where the children of employees
can be admitted and it is probable that a number of Indian
children will also attend this school.
Prior to this year, the sanatorium children have been given a
three months' vacation allowing them to go home the first of
May and return the first of August. However, this year all chil
dren are being kept in the sanatorium thruout the summer months
with the hope that further treatment during the vacation period
will be decidedly beneficial to them.
The surrounding country here is mostly Mexican and there is no
inte mingling of races. Only one marriage between Mexican and
Indian is of record at this Agency and this Indian man was raised
by a Mexican family.
The total expenditures for the sanatori um school during the current
fiscal year were as follows: for school funds including one- half
of the Superintendent's salary,$ 3739.11 and general sanatorium
support fund,$ 27642.92, making a total of$ 31382.03. Last year's
expenditure was$ 27,687.04 with a much larger enrollment this
fiscal year than the fiscal year closed June 30, 1927. The play
ground is equipped with swings and ladders for the boys and
swings for the girls. The enclosed porch on the girl's side is
also equipped with swings. This porch faces the south and is
enclosed with glass and makes a very desirable and comfortable
place for the children to play, particularly during the per tion
of the year when weather conditions are favorable. The matron
and disciplinarian have charge and supervision of the children
while on the playground. Most of these children are in bed a
portion of the day and some of them for all day periods and
recreation quite often must be provided either in the play rooms,
sun porches or by their bedside. Teachers are quite often de
tailed to this work in the dormitories.
ca Gosset
Superintendent
