Mt. Pleasant SchoolMichiganANNUAL REPORTNARRITIVE SECTIONSection I--------- Law and OrderThis jurisdiction is primarily a school project and notthat of an agency. There are still some tracts of land heldin trust for Indians of the old Isabella Reservation, but the seare small in number and the agency work is simply that of handling leases and matters coming up in regard to the tracts ofland held in trust. The Indians being surrounded by, andliving among Whites, the conditions as a whole are differentthan found in the west.Indian dances are not held on the old Isabella reservationor in any other Indian settlements of the lower peninsula ofMichigan.The Chippewa Indians of the Isabella Reservation comply,with a few exceptions, almost entirely with the state lawsregarding marriage and divorde. Occasionally we find Indianmarriages but the number is so small that they are almost negligable.A11 crimes are handled by the state courts and the Indianis subject to the same fines and penalties as his white neighbor.The local Indians, almost without exception, belong to thePfotestent demonination and the Methodist church last yearengaged a full time man for work among the Indians of thiscounty. There are three churches outside of Mt. Pleasant andone within the city limits for Indians exclusively.There has been some liquor troubles among our Indians butnot as serious as formerly. The drunkenness is not large andis not a serious problem. The county officials have been andare watching this matter very closely and giving whatever helpthey can in stopping the sale and trafficking in liquor amongthese people. We have received Wonderful cooperation in thismatter which is very much appreciated. The making of intoxicating beverages or preparations is not practiced except inrare cases, and that only in the making of beer through theuse of malt.Fortunately peyote or mescal is entirely unknown here andhas never been used in this section. Extracts and proprietarymedicines are not purchased and used for beverages. Occasionallydenatured alcohol is purchased, but this is frowned upon by thedrug stores and Indians can purchase very little of this. Thewriter has been at this jurisdiction a little over four years,and does not know of the past history of drinking intoxicatingbeverages among the Indians except through information obtained