Pueblo& Jicarilla Agency.
-3
To Pope
Zen
Posups Crandall
metogen
alladet
supreme
I would recommend that the lands occupied and cultivated
for so many years by the Indians of the Laguna Pueblo, and the three
sub- Pueblo's, be set apart, and given them as a reservation.
The Alberquerque Land and Ditch Company are building an
irrigation ditch through various Pueblo lands, unless this companies
actions are closely watched, they are very liable to do a vast amount
of damage to the present ditches of the Indians for, which they would
perhaps never receive any remeneration. At the present time agent
Walpole is watching the construction of this ditch to see that no
damage is done to the Indian ditches. Superintendent Crandall
should receive instructions to watch the progress of this ditch
when he relieves agent Walpole and assumes charge.
When the large ditch is completed unless they are close
ly looked after, it is possible that some of the water from the pres
ent ditches may find its way into the large ditch, I do not wish to
charge this, or say that such will be the case, but water, and water
rights are valuable in New Mexico.
The Indians have been assessed taxes by the local asses
sors, and the Indians have not paid the taxes assessed; there is a
case now pending in the Third District Court relative to this mat
ter, The Judge has so far refused to grant authority to the col
lector to attach, and sell the Indians land for delinquent taxes, and
the matter has been referred back to the District Attorney by the
County officials. This is a very important case to the Indians.
Some one should be authorized to defend the Indians rights
in this case, or some law should be enacted releasing them from tax
ation. No agency farm is maintained at this agency.
I saw no Indian at this place competent to occupy any po
sition now filled by a white employe.
All the supplies, materials, agrucultural implements, tools,
and machinery are in good condition, and are receiving proper care
and attention.
No supplies are sold to employees.
The agency stock consists of one horse; he is a good ser
viceable animal in good condition,
Be
Cout
Taxcasy
refpyg
