30- Hopifall on account of the low price, but we cut out use of beef atour six schools and bought mutton, thereby assisting them to sellmany at a much better price than they usually get on the hoof.This helped these Indians considerably. Most of the traders paidaround 124 cash for wool, selling for the same price, or 12 1/24.One trader got as high as 13% for one carload. All traders arenow holding most of their wool on account of the low price( 84)now offered. Some of our Indians sheared early and got 15 ¢ intrade, or as credit on pawn.The wool is better than last year;each year it is better the traders tell ne. Some of the Indiansdid not sell any wool, preferring to weave it into blankets andsell it that way. The lamb crop was over 80 per cent. The lambsfrom the new bucks, bought last year, are the best ever raised bythese Indians, they say. Supervisor Montgomery said they werethe best cross he had seen. This comes from making the Indianseliminate all old bucks when they buy new ones. This is the onlyway to make a fine showing a showing which will interest otherIndians enough to do the same thing. We have need for 1, 200 morebucks. We have requested$ 8,000 for 300 more for this fall. TheseIndians are doing finely with their sheep.Surplus Horses:-- More colts are noted this year. Thismeans we must have good stallions soon or in three years we willbe back where we were four years ago- lots of puny pony stallionsand our horses growing in numbers but not in quality. If theoffice will give these Indians good stallions and jacks we will getrid of the worthless pony stallions and breed up to a decent- sizedhorse. Many horses were eaten last winter. We figure we shouldhave at least four to a family so we could have many more than wehave nowOur number now is around 3,500. We have about 700Navajos families and about 500 Hopi families.Reimbursable Funds:-- Great care must be exercised inthe use of reimbursable funds among Indians- the matter needscareful and sincere attention to make sure Indians are not loadeddown with debts they can never pay, as done in some places in thepast. Our Indians would take any amount of these funds, going intounlimited debt, if allowed. We use it only for barbed wire, wagons,bucks or bulls.Home Building:-- Among the Hopis it has been a realhome- building year, many good homes of stone being erected by theIndians themselves. The Navajos are seeing the need of permanenthones and are building better hogans where they will live permanently,but these homes are mostly of logs.