O
Hopi 16.
go into this matter to see just what we should have done?
It is very important. If we had what water ran off we would
make these Indians self- supporting and rich in a few
years with many acres to sell to whites.
9. We have no lands allotted, but certain Indiens take up
places for their needs and improve same and we have tany
nice homes, ranches, etc. Continual acreage is taken up
every year for this purpose and some of the Indians are
getting fine places for they have developed water enough
to get land under fine cultivation. Some have splendid
improvements for Indians on such lands.
10. We lease no lands at all. Our Indians, the lands are
so poor without water and so many sheep, use it all.
11. No Indians lease any land.
12. The stock- raising industry makes these Indians their
living and is fast making them absolutely independent
through the sale of the by- produts, such as wool,
blankets, etc. The pottery of the topis bring them a good
living in connection with their other handicrafts such
as baskets, plaques, etc.
a. The past season has been very good, probably the best
these Indians have ever seen, so far as I can see. I go
a great deal by the pawning of articles and keep a clos
supervision of this bad thing. Fewer articles wero pawned
last winter than for many years and those articles
paved were pawned for shorter periods than for any
season known to the present traders. This is a splendid
barometer. With freighting, work on buildings, work away
better prices for their wool, etc., these Indians are doing
better and have a spirit inculoating that makes them want
to do better. We paid out nearly$ 35,000 for freighting
alone in the past year and a half and this, as you can
readily see, makes these Indians much better off both
in worldly good and in spirit. As I have stated above,
the traders state to me that the present past year has
been the best for these Indians that they have known.
Blanket markets have been off, but the traders have
maintained good prices to the Indians and all product
has been sold by the Indians for the traders have
kept up the purchase, hoping for better market.
With a few good stallions, more good bulls and some
bucks, if they can get barbed wire under some kind of
arrangement without having to pay cash, these Indians
