O
Physiodd Education: The work in physical education is my maah
handicapped by luek «. omadu and a trained physical edupation
Forkur. mi. lask is alto serious ne over half of the school your
is too cold a outdoor work, and we do not hero adeguato playroom
indoors. During good weather the works in playedeal education la la
charp& one of the regular toughers. The teacher tries to touch the
pupils how to play, wat Navajo dris en especially backward in play
siedl play. Therefore, physical education here is mainly touchings
how to play, and goes to play. Boya. Laternadolaotto athlotie. so in
chary of the boys' advisor. Arts do not taloo part la interscholastia
athletio.
1
Hon. Boonondeo: The base conan os department does not hav a
regular bailding designed for this work. During the past year, 18 has
boon quartered in a nor house which was built for ployees' quarters.
It wil continue to coopy this house during 1932-33, ai though this
house is nooded for wo as a bom. for wployou.
Soosal aotivities were wond to suppon the standard of living, and
the mano of apression in the woo of oral gelak. Ativities wol
as cooking, vondng, housekeeping, and laundry rost get the children
rood habits of work and standards of wostoranship. Ia may Instanca.
equipment wo improved to root rods, ad no make the work plloalle
to home lit.. Health and sanitation vere stressed at overy opportunity.
Dosort sanitation was taught connected Ath Lenndry, methods of diling
gom, purifying water, boalth and wild ouro, car. of food, buying
doad animals, and disposal of waste. Instruction in oth quotto,
health habits, and food selection was giran, and the results ahealed
ia tho childrar' dining room. The del diato problm metro
considered as much as possible. Baphands us also placed on the t
proteat of the lan jo Asto and Crufts. A spooid departaont of
wearing mas maintained, with retiro weator in charge. Instruction
in goat dairying, cardening, and poultry- raining was gira as a part
of the work in how comes.
Special Clubs: Every child belonged to como social club. Many
of those olubs raro rilated oth national emirations, wah:
the Boy Sooute, din seouts, Cepfiro dirlo, and 011 Ronervo..
