1
1
( 25)
INDUSTRIES
, including Livestock:
The minor industries
of the Moqui Reservation
are the
making of baskets( confined to the six villages of the Second
and Third Mesas), pottery( confined the the First Mesa people),
and some small matter of weaving. Not a great deal of the
Hopi weaving gets into the hands of traders, since most of it
has to do with ceremonial
objects, and is so used.
Wood cutting and coal mining afford employment
to a
relatively small number of Indians. Freighting of Government
stores from railroad points( Holbrook and Winslow) and be tween
points and stations
on the reservation
, gives a larger number
employment
in the good seasons. The greatest need along this
line is equipment
. The Tissue" method no longer provides
wagons and harness. It is not every Indian who can purchase
from traders or from the Agent on the" reimbursable
" plan.
So the equipment
is rmning down. As stated elsewhere in
this report, the improvement
of the roads and washes, etc.
also has been reduced to quite nothing because of this change.
The Agency has nothing to issue and nothing to spend on these
necessary activities. Horse stock, while not the worst of
the Navajo country, should be intelligently
improved.
It has
been demonstrated
that the Agency can raiso good horses, and
it is believed
that a demonstration
should be sought along
the lines of horse and mule raising under the supervision
of
the Stockman. This has been the subject of correspondence
,
and the subject has not thrived because the matter of forage
to maintain a herd of mares in paddock is such an important
point. It has been proven that the heaviest type of stallion
will not do here? The Superintendent's
suggestion
has been
to attempt a moderate cross at first and thereafter seek to
develop the heavier- boned animal.
A consideration
of the Indian method of agriculture
, that
of small patch planting in favorable locations-- moving with the
years, and the appreciation that the Indian knows more of this
than any white man who has lived, tends to throw the intelligent
effort toward cooperation
rather than direction. Great
help
can be extended the Indian by the extermination
of the pests,
such as field rats, prairie dogs, badgers, skunks, etc., and
& splendid showing was made last season. It is hoped that the
Bureau of Animal Industry will be able to lend advice and supplies
aga in this coming season. Another effort to exterminate coyotes
proceeded with great succe88.
As with agriculture, dairying and fad- stock- rais ing are not
feasible here, because the reserve does not produce forage, and
