32- HopiSPECIAL RECOMVIENDATIONS:The most important one to the Government and Indianswill be that for the Extension of State Laws over the reservation.Sections 328 329 U. S. Federal Code 1910 provides the only lawwe have at present. This covers the eight major crimes only. Atpresent" Indians under Tederal Jurisdiction are largely free fromthe Civil and Criminal Laws to which their white neighbors aresubject. Something over 200,000 Indians( American citizens) cancommit many crimes within the boundaries of reservations with littleor no fear that they will legally be brought for trial in a Federalor a State Court." As the ultimate end of the Indian will beamalgamation with whites in comon citizenship, the sooner Statelaws govern them the sooner the" Indian Problem" will begin todisappear. Without such laws no proper hones may be established.With proper home life, the very foundation of good citizenship,there will be some hope for the Indian. Conditions are gettingworse the Hopis are more impudent than ever about legal marriages-it is a very discouraging and undesirable condition. A few arrestsunder legal backing and there would be a wonderful change for thebetter.We urge the Office to put over the appropriations neededto carry out the Water Program now being made up for this countryby iwajor Post. Water is our second greatest need if these peopleare to be prosperous and healthy. Every Navajo superintendent hasbeen in conference with Major Post and his lieutenants and givenhis opinions and recommendations as to his reservation needs, sothat this survey and program will be the most definite and completeever made.We urge segregation of the two tribes by Congressionalact, with the end in view of giving both equal opportunity toprogress. If this is done the Hopis, because of their characterand disposition, and the fact they are not like the Navajos, shouldhave a separate agency with an agent of their own.We should have a regularly- authorized yearly roadbudget for Indian reservations now that so many Indians dependentirely on cars and trucks for moving their supplies, wood, freight,families, camps, crops, etc., and especially for the economicalvalue to the Government, the Indians and the State, Where has anycommunity progressed with no roads? In this connection it is alsourged that the office co- operate on the Park Road Program for this