Annual Report, 1931
- 9-
14. A number of the Indians are engaged in pottery making and
silversmi thing. A few make this their sole industry, while
a large number, especially among the older women, use this to
to supplement other occupations.
15. Work of the returned students compares favorably with that
of other Indians and now that the Indians have agreed to an
equitable division of their lands, an opportunity will be giv
en the returned students( something they have not had here to
fore) to work independently of the older Indians.
16.
The farmer and the stockman are engaged in most part in the
duties connected with their positions. However, a certain
amount of their time must be given to other work as there is
no one who can attend to stated duties that are now required
of them.
17.
The Zuni Indians organized a chapter four years ago but the
fact that the officers of the pueblo were antagonistic to the
officers of the chapter and friction arose, caused the chapter
idea to be abandoned. The same results are accomplished as in
chapter work but this work is done through the returned stu
dents and by meeting with the adult Indians.
( b) The County Agent and the lady in charge of the extension
work for the State College have been helpful in cooperating
with the employees in this work. We have boys' and girls'
clubs in sewing, pottery and gardening, while a lamb club has
been organized among the boys of the different districts.
18. The scarcity of water stands in the way of extensive plans
for new crops and enterprises but with the development on the
upper districts which will take place the coming year, we are
planning on systematic crop rotation, with the stressing of the
raising of winter wheat, and the planting of vegetables on a
large scale.
19. The greatest difficulty that we experience is in the market
ing of lambs and wool while the price is at such a low ebb.
The products of the Indians are handled by the Indian traders
and they receive a fair price for their farm and live stock
products.
