NON- RESERVATION BOARDING SCHOOLSanta Fe, New MexicoAnnual ReportNarrative Section1922Section IVI ND U S T R ITSDuring the summer' of 1921, the evening activities onour school fax m were rather satisfactory. The season was prettyfavorable and we secured a goodly crop of garden truck and alsoa considerable amount of corn for making ensilage. Some foragein the way of oats and field peas was also produced But thusfar, the sunrner of 1922 has been extremely unfavorable. We havehad only two rains of any consequence sinc e last fall and verylittle snow. It looks as if we shall have no corn, oats, orfield peas. Even irrigation water is scarce, and the soil isdo parched that an inordinate amount of water would be requiredAbout all that we can expect is to keep the truck gardens producing and perhaps keep one or two small alfalfa patches aliveA slug which eats off the leaves of the cherry treeduring the latter part of the summer has been giving us a gooddeal of trouble, but we have been able to c ambat it rather successfully by spraying Aside from this, about the only pestsof any consequence are gophers and pairie- dogs, which can bekept down by means of poisoned grain, although they require alot of time and attention.The prodic ts of our farm and garden are about all usedup, either directly or indirectly, by the pupils. Any excessover and above what the pupils require is generally sold to theemployees, but this does not amount to much. Now and then, wehave enough excess to enable us to sell a little something todealers in the city, However, the dealers are so committed,it seems, to dealing with California firms that we make noeffort to do anything in the way of supplying them. In fact,we haven' t enough land under irrigation anyway to make it worthour whileAs a general rule, seedis not saved for the ensuingyear' s planting. The season is rather short for maturing anything properly and our experience has been that we have betterresults if we plant seed produced in a lower altitude. Santa Feis situated 7000 feet above sea- level; and this fact, togetherwith the fac t that this is a desert country, makes agriculturaleffort frequently rather abortive, unless seasonal conditionsare more than ordinarily, favorable