PREMIUM LIST
FOURTH ANNUAL SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAIR
SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO, AUGUST 6th, 7th and 8th, 1925
HELD ANNUALLY UNDER AUSPICES OF SCHOOL OF AMERICAN RESEARCH
FOREWORD
The Fouth Annual Southwest Indian Fair will be
held as usual in Santa Fe, during Fiesta Week, Au
gust 6th, 7th and 8th, 1925. The Fair has grown
in importance year by year, until it now stands
as a permanent institution which is achieving in
every way the great purpose for which it was
founded.
The objects of the Exhibition are to encourage
and improve native arts and crafts among the Indi
ans; to revive old arts and to keep the arts of each
tribe and pueblo as distinctive as possible; to locate
and establish markets and to secure proper prices
for Indian handiwork. The management, as here
tofore, stands for the authentication of all genuine
Indian goods and the protection of the Indian in his
dealings with traders and buyers.
The Indian Fair is the outgrowth of ideas ad
vanced several years ago by Miss Rose Dougan, of
Richmond, Indiana, who has contributed not only
her time and interest to the work, but who has al
so tendered a generous endowment fund, the in
come from which provides for many of the prizes
in this list. The management is also pleased to an
nouce the receipt of another substantial sum, to be
held in trust as a nucleus of a permanent Indian
Fair Endowment Fund, which is now being solicit
ed. This, as contributions increase, will insure
the greater scope and permanence of this institu
tion. In the meantime the Santa Fe Chamber of
Commerce, realizing the great value of such an
enterprise to the Indian, the State, and the Nation,
has come forward year after year with ever in
creasing financial support for this most important
feature of the Santa Fe Fiesta.
The Bureau of Indian Affairs, of the United
States Government, has endorsed the Indian Fair
from its beginning and will continue to give its
cordial cooperation and active support. Backed by
the experience of the past three years and the as
surance of ample resources, the Management issues
this Fourth Annual Premium List, enlarged and
improved in every way, with full confidence that
it will bring together the largest and finest exhibi
tion of Indian Arts and Crafts ever held in our
country.
RULES
1. Entry and conpetition are limited strictly to
Indians. Any Indian may make his entry direct,
or through his Agency or School Superintendent.
2. Prizes will be awarded only to the makers
of the articles entered for exhibition and only
for such articles as have not been exhibited here
tofore in this Fair.
3. All articles in order to compete for prizes,
must be strictly Indian in material, handicraft and
decoration. For instance, pottery should not be
made in the shape of non- Indian dishes or other
utensils; and blankets, textiles, beadwork and oth
er articles should not contain flags, lodge em
blems or other non- Indian designs..
4. Every article tendered for exhibit should
bear a tag on which should be recorded the follow
ing data;( 1) The Indian Agency or school from
which the articles come;( 2) the serial number
of the article in the whole exhibit from the partic
ular agency or school jurisdiction;( 3) the name
of the article;( 4) the name of the maker;( 5) the
item number in the Premium List under which the
article is entered for competition;( 6) whether ar
ticle is for sale or not.
5. Every shipment of articles intended for ex
hibit should be accompanied by a letter or mani.
fest setting forth in tabulated form the above in
formation for all the articles shipped; and a copy
of such manifest should by all means be placed in
one of the containers in which the articles are
shipped. This tabulation should also show oppo
site each article listed for sale the minimum price
the exhibitor is willing to accept for it.
6. All exhibits must be on hand in Santa Fe
not later than August 3rd.
7. Articles remaining unsold will be returned
promptly after the closing of the Fair.
8. Bill all exhibits, prepaid, to
Chairman, Indian Fair Committee,
Santa Fe, New Mexico.
BLANKETS
Prizes
1st 2D
1. For best exhibit of Navajo blankets of
modern type from Shiprock jurisdiction
not less than 3 nor more than 6 pieces
in each entry..
$ 15$ 10
2. For best single blanket from all groups,
exhibited from Shiprock jurisdiction 25
3. For best exhibit of Navajo blankets of
modern type from Ft. Defiance juri 3
diction, not less than 3 nor more than
6 pieces in each entry..
15 10
4. For best single blanket from all groups
exhibited from Ft.Defiance jurisdiction 25
5. For best exhibit of Navajo blankets of
modern type from Pueblo Bonito jur
isdiction, not less than 3 nor more than
6 in each entry.
15 10
6. For best single blanket from all groups
exhibited from Pueblo Bonito jurisdic
tion
25
7. For best exhibit of Navajo blankets of
modern type from Leupp and Western
Navajo jurisdictions, not less than 3
nor more than 6 pieces.
15 10
8. For best single blanket from all groups
exhibited from Leupp and Western
Navajo jurisdictions.
9. For best exhibit of Navajo blankets of
modern type from Moqui jurisdiction,
not less than 3 nor more than 6 pieces 15 10
10. For best single blanket from all groups
exhibited from Moqui jurisdiction. 25
11. For best single Navajo blanket of mod
ern type from entire field..
50
12. For best Navajo blanket, native wool,
native dye, and ancient Indian pat
tern or design.
25
13. For best single specimen Hopi blanket 15 10
NOTE.-- All single blankets in order
to be eligible to compete for prizes
must be of No. 1 grade and not lar
ger than five feet by seven feet.
BASKETS
14. For best single specimen of Mescalero
Apache basket in a group of not less
than 10 pieces.-
5 3
15. For best single specimen of Jicarilla
Apache basket in group of not less than
10 pieces
5 3
16. For best single specimen of Pima bas
ket in a group of not less than 10 pieces
5 3
17. For best single specimen of Papago bas
ket in a group of not less than 10 pieces 5 3
18. For best single specimen of San Carlos
25
