yetenes
97
.
1927
HetFIA
E
OF
17
S
MB
яти
AANUALI. REPORT, 1925.-
ZUNI AGENCY
NARRATIVE.
Section No. 11-- Law and Order.
We have sufficient
Agency buildings
, with the exception
that a store- house is needed for storing Annual Estimate suppide 8s
and a shed for housing agriculture
machinery, this with the under
standing that the place now occupied by the Physician. be purchased.
A bi11. of sale conveying this property to the Government has been
signed by the owner, an Indian Woman: at the Pueblo of Zani. There
are no Federal buildings in the vicinity, therefore it is not pract
icall. to consider renting any quarters in Federal buildings.
We have sufficient Agency employees at the present time, pro
vided we are permitted to errange for hiring irregular lab. or ass at
pre sent to operate the Agency flour mill, blacksmith workicend oper
ate the portable Agency saw mill.
Noo difficulty is experienced in keeping order on the Reser
veti on. For the past three or four years considerable disBasd on
has existed on the Reservation among the Indians. This condition,
however, is now much. improved and it is expected that more harmony
will. prevail in the future. The strife and dissension referred to
has been the caused to a great extent, by disturbers and agi tatars
from the outside..
No crimes or offences of a serious nature have been commit--
ted by, or against, the Indians if this jurisdiction during the past
year. No additional legislation is considered necessary to handie
this situation here,
01d Indian Dances are indulged in to a considerable extent.
They are practically all. Old Cermonial Dances, I do not consider that
ang damage is done in keeping up these dances, with the exception that
to some extent they perpetuate the ritual and sentiments of the older
order of things. The se dances have no bad effect on the moral of
the Indians.
( a)) It is thought no change of policy, at least for some
time, should be inaugurated with regard to the se dances,
( b)
Some children take part during the summer months,
principally, in the pleasure d ances. The same is true
of returned students. Returned students also to some ex
tent take part in the regular cermonial Dances. The se
cermonies being a religious matter. The returned students
feel that they must take part therein to some extent, other
wise they would be subjected to criticism and other embar
rassing treatment by the older Indiens,.
