1
1
( 26)
all such activities present expenses and 108808 rather than helps
toward prosperity and independence. The Superintendent has
steadily turned against the introduction of foreign, and there
fore unfamiliar, activities, believing that in minor industries
and native arts these people are well developed, and that time,
money and above all INTEREST and COOPERATION are lost through
failures. Therefore remains to these people, both Hopi and
Na va jo, the STOCK future, the success of which rests largely
on the continued development
of range water and the proper use
of range areas. Fullblood Hereford Bulls and both Cotswold
and Rambouillet Rams have been introduced. Additional
purchases
of bulls should be made, and a number of animals acquired for
Indian benefit from Agency allo tment of funds, so that such
animals may be issued for labor. Not all of the Indians are
able to BUY, even through the easy- payment method of reimbursa ble
funds, The Nava jo especially endeavors to evade these debts.
One might suggest that the most prosperous Indians should buy
the expensive animals and thereafter sell bulls and rams to
poorer individuals. Very little of this works out among the
Indians of these deserts. He is not a good salesman, and it is
even difficult to get them to exchange breeding stock. During
1918 the superintendent
bought in a number of ram lambs showing
the Cotswolā cro88 and thereafter issued them to distant Indians
in the hope of assisting this matter. Such efforts have not
been entirely successful because there is at hand no force of
men to follow up the effort. The Hopi especially
is a poor
stockman, and should have daily attention. This corps of
employees( there should be at least four) could be districted,
and one of the first great benefits would be the establishment of
a proper brand ing system.
Having competent men assigned to
districts would enable also a more complete supervision of stock
sales in the selling season, and the thorough dipping of ALL
flocks in the season. The Moqui Dip has been operated regularly
each year, but it cannot be said that ALL flocks on the reserve
have been dipped. Generally speaking, and among the Hopi.
especially, there has been great improvement of livestock here
during the past seven years.
The matter could be speeded
up
considerably however. At present there is not complete and
regular supervision, there is not an intelligent brand ing system,
and there is no follow up system possible to protect the new
stock introduced
.
Whoever is superintendent
on the Moqui Reservation may procure
success in all these matters once he is given additional range
employees to assist the livestock superintendent.
One other industry of the reservation presents the Navajo
