394
have à geloral knowledge of all the trades carried on at the school.
All the lumber belonging to the school is under the charge of the%
School Carpenter; 1f there has been any shortage he has failed to re
port it and hence should be held accountable for the loss,
Petition to the Hon Comt: The Principal Teacher handed me an open let
ter written to the Conmissioner of Indian Affairs, by the boy named, wo
ps then in the guard- house for misconduct; in this letter the boy made
I'Alse statements in regard to other employes, it was not proper that.
the letter should be sent and it was not sent.
Antonig brought iron Jenez: The boy named was not treated with great
brutality; in bringing this boy back to the school we camped on the
open mesa, about three miles from Pena Blanca, the nearest habitation;
he was handcuffed to prevent his running away; he was not so disoubled
by sickness but thet he was able to wie. lk to Jemez, a distance of 10
miles, a few days before,
Care of buildings: The painting of the buildings referred to and also
the windmill tower, the carpenter- shop and barn, was left to the school
darpenter to do, but he neglected ft.( See Document" A"); this xxx
neglect as one cause of his discharge; the foundation of the laundry
building was laid under his direction, with instructions that the sane x
should be below frost; the painting of all the buildings referred to and
those mentioned in document" A" have since been painted under the direc.
tion of the present School Carpenter. About, 5 feet of water pipe had
to be replaced on account of freezing; I have not unga ali the
damage by freezing, to pipes underground, because I superintended the rea
placing of it myself
Seving: The girl referred to Francisca requested the privilege of ma.k
ing 9. dress for her little brother, on the Matron's own sewing machine,
from cloth furnished by herself'; of course the request was grented,
The gentleman is mistaken in the name of the person who mrsed Mrs.
Cart during confinement; it was not Pridencia, but a Mrs.Parsons, a color
ed lady who lives 111 Santa Fe,
Subscribed and soin to before
me this the 13th day of August 1892.
Superintendent.
Elmer
62
Notary Public.
