ml PeuxriekSPOTION INarrative Section,Report, 1938.ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT.Tais, primarily, is not an agonoy but a school and the narrativesection regarding the work well, therefore, bare very little of reservationwork. The agency work is all done by our office force and unless there isConsiderable oil development at a later date the orice force is sufficientiThe state of Michigan takes over the question of crime 8 and offenses of theIndians and they are handled by the state in the same manner as the otheroi tizens. On the orther hand they receive all the benefits of citizenship, and whereTer I have come in contact with the work done by the statein the lower penninsula I find there is no line dram on account of coloror race,Speaking fot the Indians on the Isabella Reservation, which includesthe Indians in and around Mt. Pleasant, I have never seen an Indian dancein this state and I doubt if many of them know much about such dances,Our Indians are complying fairly well with the state laws regardingmarriage. We do have cases of common law marriages among them and alsoIndian divorces. The county authorities are willing to cooperate whereverpossible in the handling of this situation,The liquor traffic among the local Ind lang is not a serious problemdue to the vigilance of the county authorities,* We do, however, have s cnetrouble with the consumption of" Rubbing Alcohol". Upon the whole, I doubtif there is any more trouble of this kind among the Indians as there isamong the white people in the same neighborhood, I have never known of anyof the local Indians making any intoxicating beverages. The use of peyote,or me scal, has never been known here, nor has the use of drugs of any kindbeen practiced on the Isabella Reservation, Gambling is not practiced amongthe Indians here.One of the constant questions with the Indians in Michigan is thatof hunting and fishing in and out of the season. During the last twoyears there were two decisions by the Supreme Court of Michigan; both decisionsbeing against the rights of the Indian to hunt and fish out of seasonal though they recognize that the Indian has the right to hunt or fishupon land held in restraint by the Government,Oil and gas wells have been drilled here but so far there is onlyone piece that has oil wells. Others have been leased but no wells havebeen drilled.