10NARRATIVE.Section III----- Schools( Cont' a).12.( Contd) A ROOT CELLAR should be built as it is impossible tokeep potatoes, onions, or any frosh vo gotables without considerableloss. All through the winter months there are warm days and sometimes a week of summer weather. The present shallow makeshift rootcellar of inadequate capacity does not keep cool enough. Vegetablosget warm in it and begin to grow and spoil. A GARAGE h ould bebuilt with a capacity for the present TRUCK and for the AUTOMOBILEwhich is to be purchased, and should be on the way now,13.( a) The past year has been successful on account of the generalefficiency of the employes. In nearly every case they have beenloyal, and helpful to each other. Altogether I think this school hasbeen above the agerage in this respect.( b) There has been nointerest shown by the public school authorities in this school. AndI think it too much out of the daily interests of the public schoolsfor much interest to be shown from that quarter.14. This school is just like a hundred other Indian schools havingfull- blood Indian children to deal with. It has necessarily adapteditself to the needs of the class of Indians who support it.15. The school has worked satisfactorily the same as last year. Thework out among the reservation Indians has not changed. It has beenas good as last year, but that is not saying much as there has neverbeen much done for the Indians on the outside. They have learned totake care of themselves in certain ways, and their interests in landrightd about which they know nothing have been as has been the habithere, almost entirely overlooked.16. There is no intermingling of races, and I know of no sentimenta bout it.17. There has been little difference in expenditures in this overlast year and little difference in accomplishments. Contracts werelet for enlarging the school and another year I hope to report considerable progress. But the last year has been practically thesame as all the years since the school was built. I am in hope thatthe Office will take my view of the matter and see the advantagesof building up a really large enough school here to deve lop economyand efficiency. There is no place half as good for a school inthis jurisdiction as here.18. The playground apparatus has been a joy to the hearts of thechildren and an immense physical and mental benefit. The girls particularly have beenconstant users of their appara tus.19. Fifty years would be the least limit I would put on the necessity for schools among these India ns. In fact if the rate of presentprogress in providing school facilities for the Navajo is not