- 2-
progressive than the average Indian community.
There are no Indian children not in school on the reservation
except a few individual cases that were excused several years ago be
cause of mental incompetency. There were two cases of incorrigible
pupils who were dismissed from the Albuquerque Indian school for
cause. As these two young men were seventeen years of age and it
was todard the close of the school term nothing was done in their
cases, and they have taken their places with their people in the
handling of their Ilocks and working on their farms. The returned
student is each year taking a larger place in influencing the pro
gress of the Zuni Indians. Returned students' meetings are held.
during the winter months and these are largely attended by both the
young men and women.
The course of study for Indian schools is followed by all
schools on the reservation. Both government and mission schools
are quite well equipped. The books on the authorized list for use
in the schools are very well adapted to the purpose and the se, sup
plemented by helps( especially in the lower grades) are considered
the best that can be secured for the teaching of English to a non
English- speaking people. Industrial training has been stressed
especially in the day school. Manual training, as carpentry and
furniture making has been taught there, while rug weaging and pot
tery making was a part of the curriculum. A native teacher gave
instructions in the making of pottery and of rugs while the princi
pal at the day school taught the boys along these lines. This year
a 4H pottery club vias organized and a program as alaid down by the
State inůustrial school at Las Cruces was followed.
7 Peopleuriddio tua edover Brazos ana
The employees have proven to be efficient in their different
lines, and loyal. They nave, generally speaking, cooperated well
in making the work of the schools successful. At the day school
their accomodations are better than the average as employees' quart--
ers were constructed which gives each teacher a sitting- room, kitch
enette and bath- room fully equipped. The domestic science teacher
at the âay school has a building constructed on the plan or the
Zuni house, and is well equipped except that it lacks bata facili
ties, which will be provided the coming year. Very little inter
course transpires between the public schools and the Indian schools.
However, the relationship existing between the different employees
at the missions and the äay and sanatorium schools is of the best.
At the close of school this year joint liela day was held in which
the children of all the scnools joined in games and sports, compet
ing for small prizes which were offered. All cooperated in this
