Schools.The past year has seen a number of improvements both inthe physical conditions of the plants and in the work of theinstitutions. I believe we have made a fine showing in thisrespect.We have considerable playground apparatus at all of ourschools. We add a little to this equipment each year. Theonly supervision given to playground activities is by the teachersduring recess or recreation periods. Besides having playgroundapparatus at the schools we also have some near the dormitoriesat the boarding school which is used a great deal outside ofschool hours.It will be necessary to continue these Hopi day schoolsas long as these Hopis are here and have children. There isnothing so important as these day schools in so far as aid ingthese Hopi to a higher standard of living is concerned.Whenthese day schools carry children up through the sixth gradetheir influence will be stronger than ever and the interest ofthe Hopis will be friendlier and more powerful. Until publicschools take their places they will be absolutely necessaryand the action of the Office in enlarging the plants to accommodate the sixth grade is greatly appreciated by the Hopis.They insist on educational advantages at home for all smallchildren. These schools are doing a great work and we try inevery way to adapt the school work so that it can be helpfulto these Hopis in every problem which they have to solve inour efforts to make them better citizens. It is too bad thatwe do not have such schools among the Navajos. The presentfiscal year has been a second year for the Navajo boarding schoolas it opened November 1, 1925. The past year, owing to considerable friction among the teachers and the fact that the principalwas not a strong man, this school has not done what it should havedone but we have had a very good year, losing but one studentand increasing our attendance from 130 to 150 pupils. Ourcapacity is but 120. These Navajos until this school was startedhad been without school facilities for nearly ten years and theyare very friendly toward the school and are glad to have it.They are continually asking that it be enlarged so as to takeall their children on the reservation. We have had practicallyno deserters and the children come in the first of the year verypromptly. In time the school should be enlarged if an adequatesupply of water can be developed. I never saw so friendly orbetter boys and girls and I believe they have made splendid progresson the whole during the past two years.Respectfully submitted,Gaspardo Omin,EKM/ REEdgar k. Miller, Supt.