ANNUAL REPORT, 1925.- ZUNI AGENCY, N. M.
Section No. 3.- School 8.
Relations
in general between public and Indian schools are
good, with the exception
that there is an objection
to Indian chiid
ren being enrolled in publicschools.
There is only one small public school anywhere near the In
dian country. It is located
in the Zuni Pueblo but is too sanall to
accommodate any children other than white.
The Sani Boarding school. 18: in urgent need of a building
for class rooms and assembly purposes.. It should contain four class
rooms, end an assembly room and, if possible a gymnasium. The school
is also in need of a cottage for the Superintendent, Prinėd pal) di Ba
ciplinardan and carpenter.
( a) The school farm is wel equipped and an ample supply
of vegetabies is grown in the garden. A sufficient amount of Al
falfa hay 18. produced on the farm to feed the dairy herd.. AA dairy.
barn is needed in which to house the cows. This has been promised
ug: for the fiscal year,
( b) The Boarding school. is. at present in need, in addition
to positions authorized, 9f a dairymant gardener, and assistant engin
neer..
( c) The construction of a lavatory building contemplated
for this year was postponed on account of shortage of funds, this
has been promised us for next year. When this building is con
structed and an employee building provided for teachers at the Day
School, the Day School will be taken ca re of as far as buildings
are concerned.
The character of the graduates of the Züni people a very
good.
( a)) The immediate outlook is encouraging. The average
Zuni child takes home and uses what he learns in school. The
Zunies are by nature an energetic people,. They are willing Work
ers and willing to apply progressive ideas.
We have two ission Day Schools on the Reservation. They
are doing good work, The Christian Reform Mission Day School haBs
been handicapped by lack of sutiable quarters, but a modern build
ing of ample capa city is now under construction. We have no Mis
sion contract schools.
4..
