of groat value from an administrative
standpoint, as they reveal the botter shoop
man and the family income from the business.
2. Tribal Hord, Losses of tribal shoep amountod to about 50 por cont. Those
flocks were moved south earlier and vero in the hands of more competont borders,
and vore in better fall condition. The old People's Hon ns vith the tribal
hored and suffered to about the same extent. However, I believe that a few good
yoars vill bring this flook back to its former paying position. For the Calendor
year 1931 this flock paid$ 8.51 to each nombor, on a$ 100 1nrostment, which is
pbetty good.
3. Rango. As a result of the great amount of moisture last minter the range
is in excellent shapo as to forag., Te look for all shoop to be in fine condition
this fall, and to show a good grade of lambs at sal, time. Troapass has been
largely eliminatod, and with continued offorts on our part to increase the fonce
miloage along the reservation line the trouble should constantly decrease.
horses have been practically wiped out by the soforo viator, and by our policy of
extermination
throughout
the year by field mon.
Wator and Fencing. Twenty ono rosorvoirs were built or repaired, and two
springs cleaned out and foncod. Most of this work was done in locations which
hore toforo did not have any rator, thus considerable area has been added to avail
able grazing land. Ton and one- half miles of now fonce was construotod, mostly
on reservation boundary, and more will nood to be done in the immediate future.
5. Statistics. The total number of Indian omed eros and lambs us of July
1, 1932, ras 8852; rams, 150; goats and kids, 2,000; eattle, 208; making a total
of 11, 210 head of livestock, aside from horsos. The Tribal Hord contains 2895
omes and lambs, 134 rams, a total of 3029 hoad. 103 families are elassed as sheep
owners, out of 150 families on the census, or 68.5 per cent. The averago number
of sheep per family for the entire tribo is 74.7; and for the number of families
oming sheop it is 108.8. Eight families om 208 head of cattle. All individually
owned and tribal ouod sheep wore dipped this year.
6. Employment. There is no problem of employment of the resortation as
only a fer of our Indians are located alsohwero, One of those is with the U. S.
Army, the wheroabouts of another is unknow, and the rest reside in the Pueblo
country, where they are intermarried
.
B. Welfare and Social Conditions
.
There is very little privation on the reservation, and the old and indigent
people are taken care of by rations and store orders for the necessities of life.
It is diffieult to develope a permanent home life among these people due to the
fact that they are extremely duperstitious
and will not remain in a dwelling in
which a death has occurred. They either burn it down or just vacato it, and the
condition of the dwelling makes no difference. Another factor in this connection
is that their main industry demands that they follow their flocks around on the
range, and they do not like to build a home and ten have to leave it for most of
the
year
.
The Reformed Church maintains a missionary staff here, composed of J. Denton
Simms, missionary, and a field worker who keeps in constant touch with the Indians,
