1
SECTION
III-
SCHOOLS
The officials
of the public schools in New Mexico in general
bo- operate heartily with the government Indian schools. However, in
but a few instances do these como in omtaot.
There are 11 day schools in the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction
which provide facilities for most of the di an children who are
eligible to attend. Three of the Pueblos, Sia, Santa Ana and Sandia
have no schools. There aro amall governmont- owned build ings at the
Sia Pueblo which have been closed for two years or more on account
of lack of rapairs
. his building should be opened and would provide
facilities for some twenty beginners now out of school. There are
some thing like eighty eligiblespupils on the acoma Pueblo without
school facilities. There are also quite a number of beginners at
Santa Ana for whom some school should be provided. On account of its
close proxdmity to Bernal illo and Albuquerque, the Sandia Pueblo need
not be provided with a school. It is probably safe to estimate that
there are two hundred pupils among the Southern Pueblos, mos tly
beginners, without adequate school facilities.
The government owns the school plants at San Felipe, Isleta,
Paraje, Mesi ta, MoCartys, Laguna and Paguate. Rented buildings
are
used at thacinal, Seama and Aconita. At Jemoz the buildings are
provided by the Catholic Mission, New government- owned buildings
should be provided at Acomita, Sesma and Encinal, while additions are
necessary at Isleta, with repairs and restoration at Sia,
The employees with one or two exceptions have been regularly
appointed and are fairly efficient.
Some are now in the Service and
have yet to demonstrate their ability.
Ne i ther school farms nor gardens are operated in connection with
any of the day schools. Such work is considered impracticable
on
account of lack of water.
None of the government operated day schools carry students beyond
the fourth grade. Transfers are generally made to the Albu quer que
Boarding School. However, some are transferred to the Saint Catherine's
Mission School and the government boarding school at Santa Fe, Graduates
from all of these schools rank well with those from the average non
reservation school. The Lagunas are recognized as leaders among the
Southern Pueblos in educational work and this pueblo supplies the
majority of the graduates from the Albuquerque Boerding School,
