Annual Report-- 2
of Marriage and divorce but some of the Indians who live in
the more remote parts of the State, who are not under close
supervision of Government eraployees, arry and divorce
according to the old Indian laws and custorms. The Indians
over whom we exercise closer supervision are cornpelled to
comply with the State laws in regard to marriage and divorce.
There is no Indian court held on the reservations
under this jurisdiction. Matters that would usually go to
such a court are usually settled by the person acting in
charge of the reservation, or by the Superintendent on his
visit to the reservation.
There is an Episcopal Mission at the Pyramid Lake
Reservation and the Missionary holds regular services which
rany of the Indians attend.
At the Ft. McDermitt Reservation a young man and his
wife, of the Pitacostel denomination, spent several months
last year working among the Indiens.
At the Indian colonies there are missionaries of the
Baptist denomination who have taken a real interest in the
welfare of the Indians and are doing an excellent work.
At the Carson Boarding school a Miss Bessie Culver,
a resident missionary of broad vision, has charge of the
religious work among the pupils. While she is sent out by
a Baptist Society her instruction in non- sectarian, and her
Work and influence at the school is most valuable.
The question of the liquor traffic earnong the Ino ians
of this reservation is ruch the same as at other places. Sore
of the Indians will pro cure liquor from un scrupulous white
people and will get drunk at times and cause trouble. Especially
is this true at the colonies which are located near the centre
of population in Nevada, and where it is not difficult for the
Indians to get the liquor. If they do not get whisky, they
are usually able to purchase" canned heat" and extracts,
proprietary medicines, etc, which contain alcohol. About a month
ago an Indian girl, who was horie on vacation took so ruch of
the canned heat th t she was found dead in an Indian house the
next morning.
Special Officer George O' Neill end the Indian policeren
have been very active in the suppression of liquor armong the
Indians end ha ve äone excellent work in this line in this state.
I am satisfied that National prohibition has had at
tendency to materially decrease the use of intoxicants ariong
the Indians.
