NARRATIVE SECTION.SEP241910Annual Report, 1919,Section 1.San Juan SchoolLaw and Order.We are very well fitted up with buildings at the agencyfor the present size of our force, as all our employees are comfortably housed, and our barns, shops, and war ehouses are amplefor our size. Few schools are as well fixed with barn and shedroom as we are. We need a little more office room but our present office is so arranged that an addition can not well be madeto it, 80 We will likely get along with it as it is for someyears to come. A fire proof file room is one of the needs ofthe office. When it is built at least one more office room shouldbe provided. The office and all the school buildings, includingthe school hospital, are of brick, substantiallyput up and in avery good state of repair. We are now building briok annexes toeach of the dormitorios, in which will be the toilets and baths,and which will be a very great improvement to this plant. Thiswill give some much needed room in the main building, as well asprove a desirable sanitary improvement.We hope to have themready for use when school opens in September, but for variousreasons the work has been slow. Similar annexes are being builtat the Toadlena School, except that they are of stone instead ofbrick. We are also installing a new water and sewer system atthe Toadlena School. For a number of reasons this work has beenvery slow. All this annex work and the water and sewer systemis under the charge of Superintendent of Construction Walter Dubree, who has been here now for over a year. He was here firstto supervise the contract job of building the steel bridge acrossthe San Juan River at Farmington. During the year we have putup the stone laundry building at Toadl ena with our own foroe.There remains to be done the plastering, which I hope to heve doneby the plasterer Mr. Dubree will bring in to do such work on theandex08. Some work has been done on the unfinished house at thesaw mill but it is not finished yet. We have also done some workon the agency hospital and would have had it in running order ifwe could have received the material ordered in a reasonable time.This work involves a complete overhauling of the heating system.This system was wrong in its original conception and its erectionwas faulty in workmanship when it went in. I brought this matterto your attention a number of times, but could not succeed in making my points clear to you.Whon your Mr. Middleton visited the1.