. nnual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
District Farmers and one Stockman: The one stockman covers
the ground thoroughly. But with only two district farmers it
is patent that large sections of the jurisdiction receive
but very superficial supervision. Iikewise, the jurisdiction
is provided with but two physicians, one stationed at Ship
rock and one at Toa alena forty miles south of Shiprock, and
it follows that large portions of the reservation are almost
entirely lacking in medical attention,
No great diIficulty met in maintaining law and order
within the jurisdiction. The Navajo is naturally peaceable
and peace- loving. As a rule he is so busy trying to gain a
livelihood that he has not much time for mischief. Of course
there are exceptions. to this rule, occasionally a Navajo
develops into a bad man, and when he does he is decidedly
bad. However, the most of our trouble consists of occasional
quirrels over range and water rights and these together with
an.. occasional" family row" constitute by far the larger part
of the minor offenses. These are for the most part trivial
in their nature but, if not given prompt consideration by
the Superintendent or some of his assistants, they soon assume
larger proportions, some times with serious consequences, In
addition to the class of offenses mentioned aboven there has
been one murder, the perpetrator immediately suiciding, and
one caso of rape auring the year
The Navajos are too busy to waste much time in prolonged
dances. The two chd ef dances are known as the Yabaitsi and the
Fire Dance, and according to their customs these may be held
only during the winter months when the lightning and the bears
and the snakes are asleep" and even so, they are usually limited
to not more than one each season. These are not social âances
but are conducted by medicine men in the treatment of the sick
and, as it costs in the neighborhood of$ 500 to finance either
of these dances, it necessarily follows that few of the Wick
are able to avail themselves of this treatment. In addition
to these two dances the medicine mon, in treating disease
conduct what are locally known as" sings". These are not
dances as that term is usual ly interpreted but are a ceremony
used in treating the sick and, until such time as a more
intelligent treatment is available, it would scarcely be proper
to deprive or to attempt to deprive, them of such medical
assistance as they may secure through this source.
There have been during the year several marriages con
summated in compliance with state law. However, the total
number of such marriages, when compared with the total number
MORRISTOWNSHARE THIS PRESS RESTORRISTER
