Schools--- Page 2are returned to their parents if they have parents. Otherwisethey are turned over to the state authorities who handle thesituation. Returned students are able to find their own employment and need very little assistence from anyone. They areabsorbed in local industries the same as any other race.Up to the present time we have nine grades in the schooland the course of study for Indian School is followed andcarried out as completely as possible. The class room instructors are required to have daily outlines of instruction and byfrequent teachers' meetings the principal sees to the carryingout of the complete program of work. Our school room equipment, with the exception of the need of library books, is comlete. Our most serious ne ed at this time is a library and alarge increase in the volumes necessary for our pupils. Thebooks now on the annual estimate list is complete and are veryserviceable. No suggestions are offered on this point.The industrial instruction for the girls was carried onlast year by the domestic science teacher and seamstress. Thiscoming year a second domestic science teacher has been addedto the force and more work can be given than has been formerly.The courses taught for the boys are steam engineering, someelectrical wiring, carpentry, painting, farming, dairying,poultry raising, and baking. These are taught by the differentheads of the departments.The school plant, with the exception of two buildings, isold and is in constant need of repairs and attention. Alarger appropriation should be make each year for repairs andupkeep than has been in the past. Our present amount, whichis approximately$ 9, 000, does not meet the needs of a planthaving 42 buildings. The wear and tear coming from the handling of 400 children is immense and needs constant attention.This school is fortunate in having an efficient corpsof employees and the cooperation among them has been quitesatisfactory. The accomodations so far have been poor. Ithas been necessary to quarter employees in the dormitorieswhich is very unsatisfactoryindeed, not only from theemployees' standpoint, but also from the pupils'. This, however,is receiving attention as an appropriation has been made forthe fiscal year 1951 for the enlargement of the presentemployees' building. The relations existing between thisschool and the public school authorities has been ideal andnothing more need to be said upon this subject.This school has been a Splendid institution for the Indiansof Michigan, but it will not have met its fullest aim until thecourse is adjusted so that more and fuller industrial instructioncan be riven. This is one of the largest industrial states inthe union and a preliminary training in industrial subjuctssuitable to the children for entrance into the different industries