cooking, washing, making the clothes, general house- keeping and
teaching all those children, it is simply wonderful. To do the cook
ing alone for 43 pupils would be enough to fully occupy the time of
one woman with such assistance as she can have from these children,
while to do the sewing and mending that too would be enough for any
one woman, even with the assistance she can have, yet these people
have done it all, and, as I learned, in a fairly acceptable manner;
but, in justice to Mrs. DeVore, I desire to impress upon the Depart
ment the need of giving her more and better help. From my observa-.
tion of the woman and study of her character during the two meetings
I had with her, I am impressed with the belief that she is a valuable
woman in that place. She should be given a seamstress, a cook and a
laundress, and, as soon as the spring months come, she should be
given an industrial teacher, who will act as gardener and teams ter.
This school has never had a team, nor any cows.
It should be pro
vided with a team and buck- board and at least half a dozen cows.
These cannot be cared for, .01 course, until an industrial teacher is
employed.
The buildings now occupied were designed as the girls' depart
ment, the other buildings of the general plan to be yet erected. I.
believe it was a mistake to open the school until all the build ings
were erected, for the reason that the apartment designed for the
sitting room for girls is now occupied as a dormitory for the larger
boys, while the one originally designed for the girls' dormitory
is at present occupied by, not only the girls but the smaller boys.
Those who are not familiar with Indian character would find it dif
ficult to draw the line as to when boys and girls arrived at that.
age when for the protection of morals they should be required to
sleep in separate rooms and beds. Under the condition of this
school, it is fair to presume that the boys and girls frequently
occupy the same couch. I know of no better time or place than this
to call the attention of the Indian Office to the deplorable condi
tion of affairs which exists, not only on this reservation and at,
these two schools,, but at ali the Indian schools in the United
States, more apparent, however, among the Navajoes than any other
tribe I have visited, and that is the prevailing habit of self- abuse.
How to meet and check this evil, I am unable to suggest, but the
fatal results of tuberculosis and pulmonary diseases may be traced
back to this habit as the direct cause of so much fatality: The
pinched features and emaciated l irabs of the children on this resor
vation carry conviction to an observer. I directed the attention of
superintendent Nool to this matter and he sa id he had never thought
on the subject. How many other superintendents there are in the ser
vice who have not done so, I am unable to say, but the mixing of
children promiscuously in the dormitories has a tendency to increase
rather than diminish this evil. I am satisfied that most of the em
ployes around agencies recognize that this is prevalent, but I know
of no effort being made to check it only in one instance, where the
ma tron punished as many as six or eight girls one morning for prac
ticing that habit. It might be well for the Commissioner to have a
circular letter sent to all superintendents of schools and Indian
agents, cautioning them to use their best efforts to suppress this
evil.
( 6)
