ANNUAL REPORT 1926.
CARSON INDIAN AGENCY
SECTION I
ILAW AND ORDER
The order and conduct of the Indians, in general,
on the Pyramid Ia ke and Fort McDermitt Reservations, have
be en fairly good. At the Indian colonies at Elko, Winnerucca,
and Reno there has been a great deal of disorderstand
irrorality. The Indians succeed in getting intoxicants and
narcotics and as a consequence they get into rows and fights
and the general moral tone of the colonies is low. There are
an Indian Policeman and field retron stationed at Reno and
of course they maintain ruch better order at that colony than
is the case where there are no eriployees,
W en crimes are committed at the colonies, the cases
are brought to the attention of the county and city authorities,
who rets out such punishments as they can carry out. In the
case of delinquent girls end women, there is no fit place to
punish them so they are usually" floated out of town", only
to appear again in due course of time.
If there were some institution where these cases
could be sent for correction, it would have a rost wholesome
effect upon the Indian corrunities. It has been suggested
that the plant formerly used for an Indian boarđing school at
Greenville, be converted into a detention horse for delinquent
horne for delinquent Indian girls and women. If this could be
done and there were no legal objections to send ing cases from
one state to another for punishment, I think it would make it
easier to discipline the many cases that come up from time to
time.
The Indians in this jurisdiction do not indulge in
the old Indian dances to any considerable extent. It is the
exception rather than the rule to hear of the Indians having
an Indian dance.
There are however, given to garibling in an inordinate
degree. The men and women both gerible with cards and es 11ost
f the rien do not do ruch work in the winter titie they spend
a great share of the time in carıbling. Efforts are being made
to discourage gambling and to give the Indians something useful
and more elevating to take the place. It is especially difficult
here to stop garnbling as there is no State law against it.
For the most part the Indians of the reservations
and the Indian colonies o
with the State law in the matter
