00
ОО
PROGRESS LEVEL D- 1
Annual Report, 1933-34
This group was comprised mostly of adult- primary children,
some of whom, naturally intelligent, yet were fifteen and sixteen
years old when they entered school; and others who were the fail
ures and hold- overs from other grades. In a meeting with the dis
trict supervisor before school opened, it was thought better to
give such a group as much English as possible-- to emphasize oral
expression and health rather than the tool subjects. It was more
important that these children be able to talk, to understand Eng
lish, than to read, because it is very probable that for many of
them this will be their last year in school. They will return to
the reservation and marry or they will seek employment among the
white people and in either case it will be desirable and advantag
eous to know enough English to carry on business with the traders
or to follow the instructions of their employers.
Accordingly, the major portion of this year's work has been
direoted through units, in order that new experiences and widened
interests might be the basis of a vital program in conversation
al English.
Blackboard and bulletin board reading, charts prepared by
the children and teacher, and all incidental reading relating to
the units was the basis of reading throughout the year. Textbook
reading was not begun until the latter part of October and then
the children read but once a day.
Numbers, such as measuring, counting, numbering pages in book
lets, and a few simple addition and subtraction facts, were taught
only so far as they related to the units.
Writing consisted of copying stories and accounts of exper
iences which they had helped to compose, into their individual
booklets. They also had many occasions to write letters asking
for permission to visit certain places of interest or expressing
appreciation for courtesies received.
Early in March, the children asked to have spelling. Each
week we selected from the current unit five words the children
wished to learn to spell. These were written on the board, to be
left there the entire week. The children care oral sentences us
ing these words. Sometimes they wrote very simple sentences dio
tated by the teacher. Special attention was given to capitaliz
