Section 1.
Law and Ordor( Cont'a).
This situation will continue to improve as soon as our people fully realizo
the importance of a marriage of record. No dimiculty whatever has been
incurred in enforcing this regulat ion. Superintendents are deputisod in the
State of Arizona to isme marriage licenses to Indians.
In a general way State laws are adequate to moet donditions on the roser.
vation. The State of Arizona compels Indias living on an Indian rose ration
to pay the personal tax on their automobiles and trucks. This matter has been
taken up in the Federal Court and it is expected thatthis case will come up
some time in August. In New Mexico the Indias living on an Indian reservation
are exempt from paying this tax.
The Indian Court meets at the Agency on the 8th of each month and con
tinues in session until all cases have been disposed of. Most of the Cases
are civil cases- land and fence di sputes. Also desertion, quarrels and
other small misdemeanors. The Indian Court operates very satisfactorily;
their decisions are just and are accepted by the litigan ts. In misdemeanor
cases the sentence is either a fine or jail sentence. In most cases thefine
is accepted and paid.
mis jurisdiction is well served with missionaries to promote the re
ligious welfare of our Indian people. The Catholic Church has seven
missionaries, several Brothers and interpreters in the field. It also operates
a boarding school with 275 pupils under the direction of Mother Katherine
Drexel. There are six Catholic Churches on this reservation at Tohatchi,
St. Michaels School, St. Michaels, Fort Defiance, Chin Lee and Lukachukai.
Two applications for two church sites are pending- at Greasewood and Hunter's
Point. The Christian Peform Church maintains a church at Tohatchi with a
resident minister and a field worker in charge. This church has an appli
cation pending for a site on which to build a community center at Naschiti,
which is twenty miles northeast of Tohatchi. The Presbyterian Church has
three missionaries in this field, one at FortDefiance, one at Ganado, and one
at Chin Lee. This church also maintains a comunity center at Comfields,
with a worker in charge. There are three churches at Fort Defiance, Ganado
and Chin Lee.
The liquor traffic atGallup, New Mexico, which is the railroad point for
this part of the country, is very bad. In fact, it is the worst that has
come under my observation since the dry law became effective. Gallup is a
coal mining town, surrounded by a number of smaller mining towns within a
radius of 3 miles. The mining populat ion and part of the business population,
proprietors of pool halls, soft? drink stands, etc., is made up of foreigners-
Italians, Slavs and Mexicans. It is being said that almost every farmer in
San Juan and McKinley County, New Mexico, is moonshining. Their products are
finding a ready market at Gallup. There are always a number of Indians at
Gallup and they are ready buyers of this liquor. The situation needs cleaning
up. It is very evident that the local authorities are making no effort to
abate this traffic. We have no force at our disposal to cope with this
situation. I have reported the situation existing facts at Gallup to the
Office and hope that the director of the prohibition forces can arrange to
clean up the moon shiners and dry up this source of evil. This matter should
have prompt attention.
3.
