-1tected against fires and other destructive agencies. The standing timberwill be conserved by limiting the Indians in the cutting of live timber.nly ripe timber will be cut for samed lumbor and by the proper use oflumber by the Indians in the construction of permanent homes, increasedfarming area by promotion of irrigation projects and instruction ofIndians in conservation of water and land, additional grazing and farmland will be added to the present reservation by legislation, homested-ing, etc.No land sales or leases are contemplated.E. Health,The health report given under the narrative section coversthis item,F. Education.The school facilities on this reservation are inadequate forthe number of children of school age. There are about twenty- fivehundred children between the ages of six and eighteen. There are tenhundred twenty- five of this number in all schools, of the remainingfifteen hundred there are undoubtedly one thousand who are eligible toenter school.A day school has been completed during the past fiscal yearat Sanostee, this can accommodate sixty pupils. In our advance estimate for 1933 there is an item for the construction of a boarding schoolat Teec- nos- pas, which if built would accommodate two hundred more pupils,As no appropriation was made for new construction this and other neededbuildings will not be constructed to take care of the balance of theNavajo children who are not now in school. As soon as Congress can beinduced to appropriate the money the school at Shiprock should be increased to accommodate four hundred fifty pupils and the one at Toadlenathree hundred fifty. Just as soon as our capacity has been increased tomeet our requirements higher grades should be added until we are able tocarry our children at least through Junior high school. We are shortfour class rooms at Shiprock school and the auditorium is entirely toosmall for our needs. Four thousand dollars has been provided for theremodelling of the school building at Shiprock, and this will providetemporary relief in the matter of class rooms and auditorium space.Ifeel that we should have a new school building which will house sixteenclass rooms, an auditorium which will accommodate eight hundred people,and a gymnasium. This, of course, should be built on higher ground andbecome a part of the plan to build an entire new school plant at Shiprockwhich will replace the old plant which I feel cannot be removed entirelyfrom flood hazard. During the past year there has been considerablecorrespondence regarding this matter and I believe that your office isfully convinced that in the near future it will not only be advisablebut necessary to re- build the entire school plant on a location entirelyremoved from the present site to eliminate danger and to provide for thepermanency which we desire.