NON- RESERVATION BOARDING SCHOUL
Santa Fe, New Mexico
Annual Report
Narrative
Section
Section IV
I ND U S T R I E S
The farming activities here are upon the whole rather
satisfactory I don' t think the head farmer Mr. Parrett has
just exettly kept his mind on his job so much as he might have
done for some months past He segns dissatisfied
about some
thing, but I don' t think that even could say just what that
something
is
The calendar year 1920 was extremely dry, so that
we had to spend much or our time irrigating
. But beginning
with
mid- May of 1921, we have had frequent and copious rains, so that
not only very little of our time had to be given to irrigating,
but also we were able to come through with a good margin on our
water bill, notwithstanding
the fact that the company had raised
the rates on us
.. In early March this
year, I had oats and field
peas mixed drilled into ground that had been in corn last year
Snow fell later and brought the seed up Then the rains of
May, June, and July brought the crop right along without any
irrigation
at all. The forage we shall get in this case will
be a considerable
help in taking care of our live stock next win
ter
The prairie- dog and the gopher continue rather trouble
some. They are the only pests with which we are bothered here
The products of our farm and garden are nearly all
used up by the pupils or utilized in s one way either directly or
indirectly
for the pupils' benefit
We plant more field corn
than anything else, and although the sea son is rather short for
corn, still it does not matter to us whether the corn matures or
not, for the raae son that we cut it all up into ensilage anyway.
We save very little seed for the ensuing year' s planting.
AS
above stated, the season is rather short for maturing anything
properly, and our experience
has been that we have better luck
by planting seed produced in some locality other than Santa Fe
or its environs.
Hitherto, we have had a greenhouse about 25 feet
square. I am now doubling the space, so as to have more room
for planting in the early spring, and also for taking care of
our ornamental
plants. Moreover, this is an important line of
instruction
for boys, because there is great demand for boys and
men who can take intelligent
care of an institution 11ke the
average greenhouse
We have a dairy herd, all pure- blood Holstein
- Friesians
Statements regaRAID
DISHNEIDER
