A Farm Unit
Why this unit was chosen:( 1) The Navajo child has first hand
knowledge of country IIfe only; the situations provided for
in a farm unit make a direct appeal to his understanding. He is
translating what he already knows into English; he learns the
English names for the objects and situations with which he is
familiar.( 2) The unit is broad enough to cover most of the
points in the curriculum; 1.e. health, home membership, citizen
ship, arithmetic, and an'appreciation of the beautiful in na
ture.
How the unit was developed: The approach to this unit was made
through farm animals. The children were permitted to examine
many pictures and books relating to farm life and farm animals.
It proved no difficult matter to lead them to talk of animals
at home. The following is a brief outline of the work covered.
I. The Farm.
A, The school farm: We began with the first hand knowledge
that the children had of farm animals, gardens, and crops at a ti
home and at school. The children recalled their visit to the
school farm last fall. They told of helping to harvest vegeta
bles. They discussed irrigation on the school farm. They drew
a map of the school farm.
B. Farms in general: The children learned that some farms
are many miles long and wide. Most farms are not so large.
Some farms produce only corn and wheat. Some raise only fruit.
Some produce only milk. But most farms produce a variety of
things
.
LI. Products of the Farm
A. Farm animals:( i) the children told of animals at home. All
had sheep and goats. Some told of having to sell part of their
herds. This gave an opportunity to discuss care of the range;
to justify the recent reduction of herds; to stress the fact
that if the Navajo is to prosper he must not overstock the range.
( 2) the children made lists of farm animals;( 3) they read stories
about farm animals;( 4) they examined many pictures of farm an
imals; they learned, through pictures put out by the Bureau of
Animal Industry, U.'s, Department of Agriculture, that animals
are bred for different purposes. For instance, some sheep make
good mutton, others produce excellent wool;
some cattle are
bred for the meat market, others for dairy purposes. They also
learned that it does not pay to keep a poor quality of stock,
Our discussion included the care of animals; their food and
F. DeLay, Teacher
