Section III-
- SCHOOLS-
( cont'a.)
Four miles from the school we maintain a school garden
farm irrigated from three artesian wells. Water supply is
impounded in a reservoir and through intensive cultivation,
we are able to grow a large amount of vegetables which furnish
a supply for our Indian students during most of the school
year. The importance of this little farm cannot be over
estimated. If$ 15,000 could be provided for the drilling of
& fourth well to the depth of 1500 feet, we feel certain that
a much larger supply of water for irrigation can be developed
and we can justify the expense of this well as the acreage could
be trebled, and it would be possible for us to grow forage for
a small dairy herd of cows. At the present time we maintain a
goat dairy herd which provides considerable milk for the hos
pital and underweight children.
There has been very little dissension among our employees
and we feel that we have a very good organization and that they
have worked with a definite purpose in the interest of this
school and welfare of the children and loyalty of purpose. At
this time we maintain grades from beginners to and including the
sixth grade. The Indians desire very much that their children
be educated as near home as possible and that araple schools
be provided in the Indian country to care for all beginners.
They show much parental affection for their children and it is
always an unpleasant task for myself and other Field employees
to urge that they be sent to Ignacio or other distant schools
as there is no place for them near home. The Indians in the
Star Lake country have repeatedly urged that a small boarding
school with a capacity of 200 be established in that vicinity
which is about 50 miles northeast of Crown Point, and every
justification can be given for the building of such a school
in the Indian country. A capacity attendance can be maintained.
In our opinion all prevocational children should be cared
for in reservation schools, either day or boarding, as conditions
would gover and that only the more capable children be trans
ferred to vocational schools. This would perrit greater elli
ciency of the reservation work and the non- reservation or to
cational schools would be doing the work they intend to do
rather than to absorb the work which should properly fall to the
reservation school system. This plan would be much more to the
satisfaction of the Indians and would get the support of the
entire Indian population.
Mission schools at Farmington and Rehoboth are doing splendid
work, but they are not in a position to give their children
industrial training that should be prominent in the education of
the Navajos. We have no incorrigible pupils. Every effort is
made to assist return students in finding employment but due to
the unusual de pression now existing, there is practically no
labor to be had either in the Indian country or on the outside,
