4.the spring and when he sells his stock in the fall. His moneyin between these dates comes from freighting and the blanke tehis women folks weave. We save some of our seed and buy sone.The Indian saves seed corn and some seed wheat. His corn islocally known as" Navajo corn" and does better with his methodsthan any other variety. It seems to be about the same as thevariety grown by the Indians in Dakota, where it is known as" Squaw corn."Our greenhouse if for flowers during the winter. It isalso used for seed testing and the early propogation of gardenplants, such as tomatoes, cabbage, and the like. We gave theIndians all the tomato plants they would take away, and theyall had all the watermelon seed they wanted. The Indians ofthis reservation like watermelons as well as the colored mandom south. The greenhouse and its seed testing and propogation is in charge of Deshna Clahcheschillige, who is also thegardner and horticulturist. He is a product of this school.We have no adult Indians who are not self supporting andmany of them begin the work of herding when mere children. themost of them can not remember a time when they did not work.There may be a few who are not producers, but if so, their peoplecare for them. No direct support in the way of issues of rationeand clothing has ever been made to these people. They work forwhat they get and are therefore ind ependent and self respecting.They are fairly well provided with such farm implements asthey have use for, plows and harrows being the most common.Thisseason we have let out a few mowing machines as they are goingin for alfalfa quite a lot. We have also disposed to a numberof wagons. These are all paid for by work on the roads, hauling coal and such labor. When he works out a wagon, it is hisand he knows how he came by it; and takes a whole lot bettercare of it than if it had been issued to him, and he was underthe impression that he could get another one in the same easyway when the first is gone. They take better care of theirtools and implements than any Indians I have ever seen, yet theycan manage to break up wagons and mowers in the most peoulierand unexpected ways, so much so as to be provoking in many cases.The life of a wagon in the dry, sandy desert is not long at best.We have but few reimbursable agreements. Our Indians do not.take to this form of help very much. We have never purchasedany live stook for them under this plan, except the Lincoln rame22.