DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
UNITED STATES INDIAN INSPECTION SERVICE,
Little Water School,
Mrs. Emma Devore. Superintendent.
This school is located on a barren and uninviting spot, its only
redeeming features are, first, the buildings are on ground high enough
to insure good drainage, second, there is an abundant supply of good
water, enough to warrant the erection of the school building now in
process of construction, third, there are a large number of children
of school age in this vicinity whose parents are willing they should
attend this school, but do object to their attending a school away
from home. The buildings are now heated by stoves, and lighted
by oil lamps; they are not large enough to accommodate the number of
pupils now in attendance,
I do not think there will be any trou
ble in obtaining pupils enough of either sex to fill this school when
the new school building is completed. The fire protection consists
of pails of water in each building. Sanitary condition, good.
No child has died, neither has any pupil been sick enough to call
a physician since the school has been located.
The buildings and their condition are as follows:
School building.
A good one story adobe building, it should have a number of
repairs made; when first erected it was plastered on the outside with
adobe, and whitewashed, the outside plastering has all fallen off, it
was not properly put on; it should be plastered to save the building,
some of the plastering inside has fallen off for the same reason; the
wood work inside has never been painted, the agent should be instruc
ted to make these rapairs during vacation,
The roof is flat, covered with dirt, it leaks enough to cause the
plastering on the side walls to fall off. A new pitch shingle
roof should be put on over the dirt roof, such a roof is what is used
most in this section, as it is very much cooler during the summer and
seldom leaks; the lumber and shingles required to put on w roof
could be taken from the agency saw mill.
a new
