- l-
ANNUAL REPORT, 1931--------- ZUNI AGENCY, N. MEX.
NARRATIVE
SECTION III
Introduction
The Zuni Agency, when it was organized as an agency, was
under the jurisdiction of what is now the Southern Pueblos Agen
cy, with a farmer, a Mr. Graham, in charge. At that time there
was but one small school, which was under the Presbyterian Board.
A few of the Indian children were in non- reservation schools and
the first government school to be established was the boarding
school at Blackrock.
After a few years under Supt. Perry and the Albuquerque ju
risdiction Mr. Graham, the farmer, was appointed Indian agent
with headquarters at Blackrock. The Presbyterian Board gave up
the mission at Zuni and this was taken over by the Christian Re
f' ormed denomination and with the establishment of the day school
at its present location, the Christian Reformed Mission started
a school across the river in an adobe building upon the site of
the present mission. Later, the Franciscan Fathers established
a mission and school just west of the present day school si te.
In 1926 the Blackrock boarding school wąs converted into a sana
torium and this is now in active operation, with two mission
schools and the day school adjacent to the Zuni pueblo.
We have 555 children of school age, 52 of which are not in
school for various reasons-- Some having married before they were
eighteen and some being away from the reservation, while a few
are incapacitated physically or mentally. There are 67 who will
reach the school age the coming term and will be placed in the
different reservation schools. Of the original number, approxi
mately 125 will be in non- reservation schools the coming term.
The medical department is under the active charge of the
agency physician, with a field nurse located at the pueblo. We
ha ve two hospital or sanatorium nurses at the Blackrock sanato
rium, while the entire force of employees at the sanatorium--
numbering 23-- are engaged in nealth work.
There are 1965 Indians on the Zuni roll, all under the juris
diction of the central agency, there being no sub- agencies at
