- 2-
During the school year the physician has endeavored at regular inter
vals to follovi out a given program of instructions in physiology, anatomy,
sani tation and hygiene in general, along the lines given in the
course of study. Most pupils showed a desire to augment their knowledgd
of these subjects already acquated in the classroom.
The water supply at the school is adequate and suitable for
drinting and domestic purposes. It is pumped from two wells, ap-.
proximately 75 feet deep, into two wooden tanks from whence it is
conducted thru pipes to the varios buildings and cottages. The water
has not been submitted to the State Board of Health this year fro ex
amination because there has been no evidence of typhoid fever, or such
like diseases, and thus we have been content with last year' s pronounce
ment of the Board in regard to the water, The sewage system handles
the waste rather well. The outlet is in the Chippewa river, three
quarters of a mile from the school.
Careful watch is kept over the pupils at all times. Each and
every employee has been in structed to notice the least untoward symptom
that they may observe in a child, and at on ce send such child to the
hospital for observation and treatment.
The dispensary is obviously an extremely important branch
of the hospital equipment. Here the children can come with the most
insignáficant ailment or injury and be treated at once, and
this early treatment has undoubtedly saved much trouble.
The equipment of the hospital I would call good, but the ar
rangements for isolating contagious and infectious cases on the girls'
side of the house are rather awkward. There is only once entrance
to the ward where such cases are usually isolated, and to gain this
entrace one must go thru the tnetire section occupied by the girls, and,
of course, must leave in the same marmer. It is evident such is not the
best arrangement.
The sleeping porches in connection with the hospital and the
small boys building are invaluable.
There are a large number of pupils in this school who se teeth
need expert attention. It would be well to have a dentist sent here
to remedy the defects, thus perhaps eliminating some local infection.
