-7
Industries( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
students in places along the railroad, especially places which
could be filled by girls, who are in great demand as assistants
in good homes. The field natrons and principals of the day
schools all work together on this matter and have made a very
fine showing in this respect. There should be a regularly es
tablished employment agenoy on this reservation for all this
work. It would be a very fine thing for these Indians. If
this could be done many more boys and girls could be placed.
At one time we had a labor agent for this reservation, and he
had a wonderful success in placing not only these returned
students but other Indians needing outside work. The work was
practioally self- supporting excepting for paying the salary of
the agent employed. As the grazing areas get smaller, more of
these Indians will have to go off the reservation to get work,
It would be very fine and a big help to these Indians if
both a man and a woman could be employed here who would do
nothing else but attend to getting places for these Indians
and Indians on the reservation who need to get off into re
munerative positions. The fares alone of the Indians would
pay the upkeep of this work excepting the salaries,
Every year we place several hundred men at Mo Nary and
Flagstaff in the sawmills. This is a very big help to these
Indians. They get very good wages at this work and sometimes
stay at it for several years at a time. Other bunches work
on the highways, building roads. The Navajos are fine team
sters and shovel men. The Hopis prefer to do work in shops
along the railroads and in stores. We have several hundred
Row employed in that kind of work.
POPULATION
Business councils are held with both the Navajos and the
Hopis and include the assembling of the most reliable and intel
ligent members of both tribes. Every year we have an addition
al judge or two granted by the office. It is our intention to
havo a judge for every district among the Nava Jos and in every
village of the Hopis, and to allow them more and more to manage
their om affairs through these judges. Every month we have
business councils among the Navajos, and they are of very great
assistance to this Agency in the conduct of our affairs. They
are a very valuable assistance to me, and I frequently consult
individual members and head men of the different tribes. This
Navajo council, as above spoken of, has been of great use here
this past year for it contains the very best men among the
Navajos on this reservation. If the Hopis could organize under
the same kind of an arrangement and conduct their affairs
