OUR CHOIR
17: the year 1945, Mr. Ray D. Scheinost organized a group of boys
and girls into a music class. He selected those whom he thought had,
good voices. At this time boys and girls form nearly all the pueblos
took part in the choir along with students from the N bajo, Hopi, and
Apache tribes. This was the beginning of our Acapella choir which has
now grown to fifty members.
Many of the students hwo started out with Mr. Scheinost are still
in the choir. We have sung in many places some of which are, Albuquer
que Indian School, Albuquerque High School, Radio Station K TRC and
KVS F of Santa F and K OB, K G GM of Albuquerque and mny other
organizations
We also went to some of the pueblos, l sőn Jan, Sari Domingo, and
Taos
.
** Our members are listed below. Look for our picture in the picture
' sections
.
Roselie Lucero, Augustine Seymour, Sasie Pena, Prank Martinez,
Florentino Romero, Reyesita Bernal, Anna Antone, Jeanette Clark Roserita
Luhan, Simon Toya, Augustine Garcia, Bennie Garcia, Thomas Hencio.
Billy Timeche, Sherwood Numkena, Richard Hooma', Connie Cata, Romana
Trujillo, Cecelia Tenario, Lucy Avila, Manuel Gutierrez, Antonita Cruz,
Mary Mirabel, Margie Sarecino, Paul Victorino, Mike Cata, Leonard Dallas,
Fidel Garcia, James Yazzie, Johnnie Haward, Vangie Jojola, Laura Romero,
Louise Cata, Trivio Martinez, Barbara Romevo, Barbara Trujillo, Mayy
Mary E. Snije, Florence Gomez, Katherine Aguilar, Pilar Sanchez,
Annie Sanchez, Paul Romero, Edward A chuleta, Emma Lujan, Joe Cruz, Ben
Pena, Willie Martin, Trinnie quintana, Reyseta Romero, Sameng Cooper, and
S felina Herrera.
OUR BAND
0,, r school band was again organized under the direction of Mr. Ray
De Scheinost. The members were selected by Mr. Scheinost at the beginning
of the school year. A few boys had training before coming into the band
The members are from all the tribes represented in this school. This
includes Pueblo, Hopi, and Navajo tribes. The boys worked hard and
showed interest and ability to learne Since these boys had no other time
to practice, they gave their spare time during the noon hour from 12: 30
to 1: 00 daily and evenings. This left little time to the boys for them
selves as school hours and detail hours took the rest of their time.
After a good start, the band made many public appearances. It played
for the basketball games, the All Peblo Council at Albuquerque, and will
play for the school picnic on May 13.
BAND TRIP TO ALBUQUERQUE
On April 6, all the band boys took the trip to Albuquerque to play
for the All Pueblo Council meeting. The choir also made this trip.
The governors from all pueblos and reservation were present. Important
men were there. Mr. Krug, our Secretary of the Interior sent a telegram
saying thet he was sorry he couldn' t be there for the occasion.
All the governors were called up to the stage so sign the Peach
Treaty. After each signed he was given the pen he wigned with.
After all was over we went to the zoo, We saw all kinds of animals,
and birds. The monkeys attracted more people than any other animals
SINGING VERSES
I like a, little verse that sings
Reminding me of pleasant things:
Asgarden gate a misty lane,
A robin singins in the rain;
To see the stars when twilight homes
I like a little verse that hus.
Annamae Kelly
24
.
