W117004COPY.34533Ft. Defiance, A. T.Aug. 26th, 1894Hon. Conmissioner Indian Affairs.Washington, D. C.SIR;Referring to letter from you office marked 51658-51934-1894,Land, dated Agust 21,1894, I have the honor to inform you, that ifit was intended that the appropriation for the development of wateron this reservation, s ould be expended chiefly in the salary of aSuperintendent of irrigation, then Mr. E. C. Vincent is a suitableperson for the position of Supt. but, if it was intended that theappropriation should be expended for the benefit of the Navajos, thnthen he is most decidedly not a suitable person for the position,&the Department has been most grossly deceived in the man selected.I regret very much that the hope that I might work in harmonywith Mr. Vincent has not been realized, but it is impossible for meto work in harmony with a shirk, a sneak, a prevaricator, and I believe, worse.Under existing circumstances, it is probable that my connection with the Agency will be severed before any work is done underthe appropriation for the development of water on this reservationbut, while nominally the agent of the Navajos, I most respectfullyrecommend, that if such work is to be done, it should be, in somomeasure, under the supervision of the Agent of the tribe, who shouldhave the interest of the tribe more at heart than anyone else, andshould have it in his power to protect them from swindlers. Nu suggestion that an army officer be placed in charge of the work was inthe interest of economy, and benefit to the Indians only.propriations for the tribe and agency are entirely inadequate( Without unnecessary waste) to the great detriment to the interests ofthe tribe, and of the citizens of the States adjoining the Reservation. The lives of hundreds of Navajos, and the property of sett kers, to a greater amount in value than the appropriation for development of water, depend on the early development of water on theReservation. If a healthy, energetic man, familiar with irrigationwere in charge of the work, his salary would be comparatively smallitem from the appropriation; but when the best man who could befound by the Department, is an invalid, ignorant of irrigation workand otherwise notoriously aisqualified for the position it would simply be robbery of the tribe, taxpayers and settlers to continue himin charge of the work; and the suggestion that an Army officer beplaced in charge of the work, is respect fully renewed; as a healthyTheap