4.
1930.
NARRATIVE SECTION
SCHOOLS.
SEC. 3.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.
There are no public schools within reach of the Nava jos of this
jurisdiction. One day school is maintained at Pinedale for the Ind
ian children of that locality, with an enrollment of 22 children.
It is not possible to operate day schools among the Navajo Ind
ians as there are few places where Indian families live close enough
to patronize day schools. At Pinedale some of the little children
must come a distance as much as four miles, and in our opinion the
boarding schools should be made THE School for them, with ample equip
ment. I would suggest that small boarding schools be encouraged in
the Indian country so located as to be a community center for that
section of country and the children educated as near home as possible.
The transfer should be a matter for serious consideration and such
transfers be made more selective, rather a matter of quality students,
than a mass of them. The non- reservation schools have been permitted
to enlarge, with enrollments above 800 and even a thousand, and the
work of the reserva tion schools is often disorganized thru wholesale
transfer of children.
The farm has furnished an abundance of cabbage, squash, onions,
carrots, parsnips, green beans, green corn in season, and beets,
which give a very good variety of food in addition to that furnished
on Annual Estimate.
The relationship between employees, parents, children and with
fellow employees has in the main been very good. Occasionally appoint
ments are made of people who do not try to fit into Indian Service
work. It is entirely impossible to give assistance to all returned
students by way of employment, as this isolated desert country offers
no opportunity in any industry other than the raising of livestock,
and with an unfortunate range condition, the outlook in this respect
is uninviting. In my opinion an employment bureau established at
Albuquerque and other suitable places, with a view of providing infor
mation as to various classes of work adaptable for the returned stu
dent, would be of great benefit.
The Rehoboth school, operated by the Christian Reformed Church,
has been doing very creditable work up to and including eighth grade.
The Farmington Methodist Boarding School is also a school of high stan
ing.
The Eastern Navajo Boarding School enrolls many new beginners
each year and tries to put them thru the sixth grade, but this is not
always possible on account of the requirements of having to transfer
to the non- reservation schools, these being replaced by new ones from
the Indian country. Text books and course of study as now followed
seem to be very well fitted to the Indian pupil. Boys receive instruc
tion in farming, gardening, construction, health, livestock industry,
while the girls receive home training, cooking, laundering, sewing and
weaving
