5 – 1142DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORUNITED STATES INDIAN FIELD SERVICEU. S. Indian school,Mt. Pleasant, Mich.NARRATIVE.section III-- Schools.The City of Mt. Pleasant, Michigan, has anestimated population of 4500 and is a great school town.There are four separate systems of schools: the Publicschools, Central State Normal and state Training schoola Catholic school or Academy, and the Federal Indian school,and I am happy to say that the best of harmony existsbetween these various institutions, and all intercourseis of the most friendly na ture.Regarding the attendance of Indians in the publicschools of Michigan, I am of the belief that this is almosta failure, not because the schools are too far away fromtheir homes but on account of the transient life of theIndiens. They live wherever there is work for them todo, in logging camps in the winter and in the berry andbeet fields and fishing sections in the summer; in fact,any place where they can secure employment. Of course,this is speaking of the majority of them. There arespecial cases where some own good- size farms, are doingwell, and are on equal standing in their communities withthe white people. But the roving life of the majoritynaturally puts the children far behind their white brothers,especially in their school work, and many would ratherremain away altogether than to attend the public schoolsonly intermittently.hisschootrainingfornursingThe pupils of this school have the advantage ofa two years' course of vocational training; this coversengineering, carpentry, farming and dairying for boys,while the girls have sewing, domestic science and nursing,all as prescribed by the course of study outlined by youroffice.we need an additional building for the small girls,se pa ra te entirely from the large girls' building. Ourgirls 8 dormitory under present conditions makes it difficult for the ma tron to handle the different- sized or- agedgirls. We have two boys' buildings, and separating thesmall boys from the larger boys makes it much easier andbetter for the boys.under pre senge girls' building, sma 11 girls,