8- Hopisuch an influence that the schools are probably as effective andfar- reaching as any class of schools in the United States. Theyare getting results which are very creditable to the employeesand to the governrent, which is shown in the continued improvementof their communities. The Nava jo boarding school at Keams Canyonfurther extends this idea, out to the Navajo homes. We have alwaysencouraged the Navajos to make this school their school, to visitthe class rooms and departments, and to come often to see theirchildren and what we are doing with them.. We believe we are havinggratifying results with this school because of this attitude, andthat this school is helping the Navajos in the same manner as thefive day schools are helping the Hopis.During the past year we have put emphasis on health workand home improvement, and we believe that the schools and employeeshave been of material assistance in improving the health and thesanitary conditions among the Indians of both tribes. As abovestated, the health work this year has been very greatly improvedover any in past years, but yet not what we eventually hope to makeit.We have good playground apparatus at all the schools,and it is continually being used when schools are in session. Wehave no systematic supervision of playground activities. The girlshave the same facilities that the boys have, and at the boardingschool they have playground apparatus in connection with theirdormitory.In my opinion it will be necessary to continue theseschools for many years.It is also my judgment that money put insuch schools as we have here brings far better results than thesame amount of money put in non- reservation schools. The Hopi dayschools have done wonderful work, and they can be useful for manyyears to come, especially if they are better equipped and allowedto carry children through the eighth grade. The boarding schoolwould do the same thing for the Navajos if allowed to carry childrenthrough the eighth grade. The capacity of the boarding school shouldbe enlarged to take care of all our own Navajo children up to andthrough the eighth grade. Transfers then should be made in boththe boarding and day schools after the children have finished thisgrade, This would be an ideal arrangement, not only so far as thework is concerned, but on behalf of the Indians, both Hopis andNavajos, who are greatly interested in these schools, and who objectto their children being transferred away from the reservation beforethey finish at least the sixth grade. This arrangement would also