- 5-
I know of no new crop that might be advantageously introduced
here, but I am of the opinion that there are places on the reserva
tion where orchards could be planted and fruit, especially apples,
could be successfully raised. As the district at Calienta is lower
than the remainder
of the reservation
, it is planned on making a
test along this line another spring.
The Indian is free to trade where he wishes. The Zuni is a
shrewd buyer and will get as much for his product as would his
white neighbor. I believe these traders are fair in their dealings
with the Indians..
There is but one sawmill on the reservation and this belongs
to the agency. A considerabletunioF
has been saved the past year
both for the Indians and for the Government. Because of the dirri
culty of getting logs hauled to the agency, it is planned on moving
the sawmill to the timber where it can be operated more economically
than at its present location.
while there are a number of old ruins on the reservation, none
are given attention at the present time.
With reference to Indian fairs and celebrations, because of the
Ceremonial annually held at Gallup, New Mexico, forty- three miles
from this place, there is no need of a distinct Indian fair being
held. This Ceremonial is in reality an Indian fair on a large
scale. The Indians here can compete with all of the surrounding
Indian Agencies and it is the opinion of this office that this fair,
although it commercializes the Indian dance, is in the main of
value to the Indians participating.
None of the Indians here, except a few Indian pupils in non
reservation schools are employed by Mr. Dagenett. While a number
expressed their desire to go to the beet fields, when the time came
it was nearing the shearing period and as all were needed in look
ing after their sheep, all decided against going when the time came.
These Indians can secure employment at the railroads, at the
McNary sawmill or with the ranchers in this section if they so
desire. Very few leave the reservation for securing employment
elsewhere. They do not need assistance for the fact that it is
a difficult matter to get them to go when laborers are called for
away from the reservation. Assistance is given the Indians when
they ask for it or when notice is giyen by the outsiders that
laborers are needed. However, it is discouraging when such calls
come for laborers when so few respond.
There are times during the year when there is not sufficient
work, especially during the winter time, but at that time these
Indians are so busy dancing that they are not looking for a job,
nor would they accept one iſ offered. These Indians are good at
most any sort of manual labor. Some are proficient as mechanics;
some as carpenters, and quite a few are good masons and stone layers.
-- Yabuutisleutet
.
Zuni Indian
Agency
,
Zuni. Nela Marin
