-8Industries.As I have reported above, a number of these Indians areemployed away and off the reservation each year and get goodwages. The number of these employed is increasing each year.There seems to be plenty of employment if the Indians could begotten off the reservation into such employment and made tostay away from the reservation. We have more calls for Indianemployees or laborers than we can possibly supply. Both theNavajos and Hopis are in great demand in the lumber mills, forwork on roads, dam building, cotton picking, irrigation service,etc., but it is hard to get them to go off the reservation andstay off. They will naturally drift back after they have beenaway a few months. While I believe thia employment has been agreat advantage to these people I believe more of them shouldremain away from the reservation, locating permanently with theirfamilies where they will have steady work the year around. Duringthe past year we have located a few permanently in the Salt Rivervalley and a number in California, and they are doing well.do not have trouble to find employment. Our trouble has been toget the Indians to accept the employment. There should be apermanent labor agent working on the reservation at all timesof the year.This, I believe, would be the means of getting morepeople off the reservation each year into good work and holdingthem there. This would be a very fine thing for these Indians.This would give them the assistance and direction that they needin finding and holding employment. We had this position for afew months and it was very successful. Just now all the assistancewe can give these Indians is to notify them that somebody wantsthem to work. As they have no way of getting out to work, it ishard to get them to go and accept such employment. We have callsand demands for Indian workers at all times of the year and cannot get the Indians to accept these places as fast as we would likefor them to do so. The Nava jos like to work as teamsters and atthe lumber mills and do not like cotton picking. They are finein the woods and on the roads. The Hopis like any kind of workbut do not take very kindly to cotton picking unless they havetheir family with them and all of them work. The Hopis areusually liked very much in all sections of the country and seemto give excellent satisfaction no matter where they go. They arevery dependable and extremely industrious. If they and theNavajos could be kept at work after they leave here, it wouldcertainly be a good thing for them and the reservation.Respectfully submitted,)EKM/ REEdgar/ K. Miller, Supt..