-12due to location and many other factors that must be considered. The primary disadvantage is location.To ra ilroad points south, which would be the logicaloutlet for production, it is 80 to 90 miles.Outlet to thenorth would necessarily be over the Denver and Rio GrandeWestern, a narrow gauge to Alamosa, Colorado, with a difficult mountain haul and a trans- shipment of freight backto standard gauge at Alamosa,At the present time, the population of the San Juanbasin is not large, compared with localities where therehas been extensive oil production and a ready market. Theoperator, as a result of circumstances, is confronted withthree propositions, namely-- the building of a pipeline toGallup in order to market his product; build a small localrefinery to handle any production secured and accommodatethe local market, or else ship the crude to refineries inColorado, Utah or Wyoming. The amount of oil uncovered atpresent is not of sufficient quantity to warrant the construction of a long pipe line, which would have to be awelded line, with the necessary storage, distributing lines,pump stations and their organization. Neither has theoperating company considered it economical to constructa local refinery.The only other alternative, therefore, is the shippingof oil to Salt Lake City and Florence, Colorado, refineriesand the Midwest Refining Co. is now constructing a threeinch welded pipeline from their Hogback field to loadingracks in Farmington. The oil will be shipped from thatpoint.SIZE AND EXTENT OF HOGBACK FIELD.The Hogback dome has been mapped by the geologists ofthe Midwest Refining Corapany and numerous other parties, sothat its charecter, size, shape and productive area is nowwell known.Within the lowest closing contour line on the structurethere are enclosed approximately 18,000 acres. of this areaonly 267 acres have been proven. This letter figure comprisesthe revised figure made necessary by the finding of oil inVell No. 8, which is the lowest well structurally to find oil.Should No. 9, 330 feet north of No. 8, be found productive,the size of the pool will be increased to approximately 396acres.