7.
The Sawmill operations under the report of the Forestry
Department, will show that during the past yoаr very little
has been done in the handling of the over- ripe timber on
the reservation and this is a field that should be given
early consideration. With improved methods in handling
the mill in offoot in experimental trial the last few
months, it has been show that lumbor can be produced at a
most reasonable figure and with a revolving fund that could
be roplenished from the sale of the lumber produced, the
sanmill activities could be continuod at the one mill with
great benefit to the Indians. Our experimenting along
this line has shown not only that lumber can be produced
at a low figure but the encouragement given the Indians to
use lumber in the improvement of their homes would mean
much for the advancement of their economic condition.
( 2)
Irrigation Activities.
There is a voluminous report from the Irrigation Department
with activities upon the Navajo Reservation which should be
used in connection with this narrative section but it is of
such length that it cannot be incorporated in this narrative
section which is in the nature of a summary of all activities.
There have been more than a thousand aores placed under ditch
the past year and much of it has been levelled. There has
been some delay in securing occupancy and use of the different
tracts, as this office, because of the large number of Indians
who are without means of support, has insisted upon making of
the irrigable lands a subsistence farming project and not of
a size that would allow commercial use or a larger acreage
then could be successfully handled.
( 3)
There is no allotted land on the Navajo jurisdiction.
( 4)
No land sales have been made and no approved land leases.
Some of the allotments on the Eastern Navajo section, where
the only land used by Indians is under trust patent, have
been illegally leased to white cattlemen to the detriment
of adjacent Indian land owners. Every effort has been made
to stop this practice and it is believed that an increased
number of sheep in that seotion, purchase of which is being
made by the Government, will relieve this situation and al
low the Indians to make use of all lands in that section.
Section Three. Health.
There is attached hereto a report by Dr. W. W. Peter, Medical
Director, covering the health situation on the Navajo Reser
vation.
