O0ANNUAL REPORT. 1926.Page 1CambNARRATIVE.PUMBLO BONITO.LAW AND ORDER.The agency and school plant are combined. A new Officebuilding, should be constructed and the present officeconverted into quarters for employees. We are far removedfrom any Federal Building, therefor such space as neededmust be provided independently.Our police force has been reduced to only three and tocover an area larger than the State of New Jersey 18 anything but efficient. In last Janual report, mention wasmade of the shooting on the Torreones of Juan Toledo&la vaho by a rancher and deputy Sheriff in which Juan wasshot in Jaw and nearly lost his life, request was thenmade to establish a 4th Stockman position in that vicinitywith two additional police, but no consideration was givento this request. Last April Mr. J.N. Kimmel, the mostefficient Stockman we have ever employed here was killedwithout warning by a drunken Navah Named Santiago Platero.A full report was made to your Office with request for twoadditional police to be stationed at Kinebeto. It isemphasised that those recommendations should have earnestconsideration. Kinebe to is 50 miles from the agenoy,Torreones country 75 miles, booze peddlers grow bolåin the nefarious home brew business, much drunkenness hasprevailed the past year in fact it is worse now than atanytime in past 6 years. One policeman of our force isstationed at Kinebeto, who also acus as Interpreter, theTorreones country has no effective Law and Order Supervisionsuch as we should have owing to long distance fromKinebeto Station and to the agency.The main dances of the Indians occur July- to Novemberor cold weather, tho they have medicine dances of a localnature thruout the remainder of the year. The Ye- be- chiSquaw Dance and Fire Dance are the main features ofreligious- medicine gatherings. The medicine men of thetribe are in charge of these events with pagan ritescoupled with superstitious practice make more or lessimpression upon the members of the tribe. Only thru theeducation of all the children will such events lose prestigeand the employment of more physicians and field nurses willthe influence of the Navaho medicine man be combatteàsuccessfully. The need of physicians stationed in the fitlaand who are endowed with the missionary spirit are the oneswho will meet with success.Construction and improvement of reservoirs continuesto receive attention tho it is difficult to developementof permanent water in this way on account of heavy depositof silt in the reservoirs at flood water time.