-5Industries.seeps, etc, by the Indians themselves to be fenced or used asprivate property. At a number of these places will be foundgood ranch houses, corrals, etc. Some of these farm lands areaway from the villages of the Indians and have no houses. Morehouses are being built on these places each year and some of theseIndians are developing very fine places and they do all the workthemselves.We have no leases at all on any lands on this reservation.All the lands are used by the Indians.The Indians realize that the grazing is getting poorer eachyear and are anxious to put in more farm land and to utilize allthe land themselves. They do not want to lease to anyone.The stock raising industry is the principal occupation ofthese Indians outside of agricultural pursuits and is fastmaking them independent through the sale of the stock and thebyproducts such as wool, blankets, etc.( a)( a) Every year seesthe stock increasing in number and improving in quality.( b)Los$ sustained through the year has come through the eradicationof dourine and the effects of the loco weed. Yo) The Indiansrun their stock on the range all the year through as the wintersare usually mild so the weather does not interfere.( a) Theoutlook for increase of stock, better stock, and proper care ofwhat stock they have was never better the Indians tell me.Theyare trying to improve their stock and to get more wool with lesswork, nd every year sees an improvement.( e) There is no stockowned by whites now on this reservation. We do not have anygrazing for such outside stock. The Indians do not want theirlands leased for such purposes.( f) The Indians utilize everyfoot of range they have. As it is, owing to many useless horsesowned by the Indians, the reservation is sadly over- grazed. Morewater and less horses would greatly improve this condition.g) AsI have said above, these Indians badly need more bulls, stallions,and rams. It is very hard to get them to see this need or toagree to pay out money for such things.( n) No tribal herd ismaintained on this reservation and none could be maintainedwithout injury to these Indians.Natural conditions are against any dairy herd.( a) Dairyingwould be out of the question here because of the poor grazingand the inability of the Indians to raise forage.( b) No dairyherds are kept at any of the schools.. We are now experimentingwith a flock of milch goats. We have sold a number of young bucksfrom our flock to the Indians already. I believe goats for milk