( 3)
Section 3- Schools.
The School population, asxdetermined by the census taken
at the end of the fiscal year 1912, is 221: of this number
however, about 47 are precluded from attending on accoumt
of their physical condition.
To accommodate these pupils there is a Boarding School
with a capacity for 106, and two Day Schools, one at the
Agency and one at La Jara,( 18 miles from the Agency), with
a capacity of 25 and 30 respectively.
No public schools are available for the education of
these Indians, and from the fact that they would hear no
thing but the Mexican language spoken outside of the class
rooms, it is doubtful if the Indian children would profit
much from attending were any in reach.
The course of study in the Indian and Public Schools
is very similar, the text books varying slightly, and the
Indian pupils are in readiness to take advantage of the
Public Schools should any be established within reach.
No special courses of industrial training have yet been
organized other than the training acquired at similar
Boarding Schools throughout the Service by detailing the
pupills for the regular work to be done around the School:
these details are constantly changed so that all the girls
obtain a general knowledge of cooking, sewing and general
housekeeping, and the boys a slight training in the care of
stock, farming and general repair work.
If funds are available for the fiscal year 1913, a
log house will be put in condition where housekeeping will
be taught in a manner more nearly resembling conditions
that will be met with by the girls an leaving school, and
special efforts will be made in imoresing the industrial
training of the boys in the coming year.
No students have graduated from the Reservation Schools,
the few who formerly attended the Santa Fe School are gener
ally doing something for themselves in the care of sheep,
or otherwise, but they have fu resources and the outlook
for any material improvement in the near future is not very
favorable. These Indians and several others, however, would
take good care of stock if any were purchased for them from
the proceeds of sales of timber on the reservatdon.
Very little difficulty is encountered in securing pupils
to fill all the Schools in a normal year, i.e. when health
Cconditions are good, and the pupils are easily managed, amen
abie to discipline and such a thing as an incorrigible pupil
is unknown.
Too close confinement to class rooms must be avoided, all
requiring as much outdoor exercise as is possible to allow:
hard work cannot be demanded either, as both boys and girls
are not strong. The larger boys are detailed to turn wash
ing machines in the laundry, the girls being physically un
able to perform the labor. This is a seriousbdrawback to
