SECTION IIIPage 2The new home economics building has a dining room and large receptionroom which has been used for social gatherings of the pupils. During thepast school year there were two home parties held each month in the homeeconomics building. These parties consisted of about thirty pupils equallydivided in number as to boys and girls. The party was arranged by threeor four girls and light refreshments were served. This work was done underthe supervision of the home economics teachers. Three other employeeswere detailed to attend the party.The desire of the office was closely following the enrollment ofchildren, in that the most needy who asked for enrollment were accepted.In this state the Indians live among white people, and are scattered througha wide area. This is, therefore, not a school for reservation Indians, butone whose duties are the education of children who would not receive aneducation unless assistance of some kind be given them. Many of the childrennow here would be charges of the State if there was not an Indian School inthis state. The school room work is very satisfactory. A class of fifty- onecompleted the ninth grade this year.During the past year the school kitchen was remodeled. The oldrefrigerator was in such condition that it was keep perishable foodsthe required length of time. A new refrigerator was built when thekitchen was remodeled.An athletic field has been graded and drained, Dirt had to bedrawn to fill in various low places in the field. The building of thisfield necessitated the razing of two old buildings which were an eyesoreto the campus.On June 6, 1932 a Social School Worker( Visiting Teacher) tookup her duties at Mt. Pleasant, Michigan. The work which she accomplishedduring the month of June will of course be shown in the results of thecoming year.Our boys are trained in football, basketball, and track events andcompete with public schools in this part of the state. This brings thestudents in contact with the students of the public school. The girlsof this school have athletic contests with the girls from the localstate teachers college.