land sales or lease8 mado during the past year.IV. Hoalth.As noted in my introductory remarks, the matters ofhealth are being taken care of by three doctors, five graduate nursesand one field purse. This force is supplemented by two field nursesstationed here by the Eastern Defense Association.The facilities for taking care of Navajos needinghospitalization are inadequate. Most of the time the hospitals arefilled to capacity and it is necessary to turn away patients whoreally should be entered. The amount of surgery done in the Shiprockhospital shows conclusively that with adequate facilities the Indianswould soon turn from the medicine man, who now has a very stronghold, to the help which can be given them by Government doctorsin the agency hospital. There is a serious need for an ambulance,to be used in transporting patients to the hospital and in transferring patients from one hospital to the other. This will be considered in next year's budget.The medicine men on the reservation is not only amenace to the health of the Navajos but from an economic standpointhis activities are anything but commendable. Unlike the white doctorhe collects his fees in advance and very often a well person who hasproperty is approached with the proposition that unless he makesproper payments to the medicine man he will become sick.V. Education.As noted above, the school facilities for the NorthernNavajo Reservation are entirely inadequate. Only about one- half ofthe children of school age, who are eligible for enrollment are inschool at the present time. This is through no fault of the personsresponsible for the education of Navajo children. It is simply thecase where there are no schools to accommodate these children, Thethree boarding schools on the reservation which take care of about sixhundred twenty- five pupils carry only six grades.Many of the children enter school at an advanced ageand oonsider themselves too old to transfer to non- reservation schoolsupon completion of the six grades. They return to the reservationand are lost so far as education is concerned because there areno advanced grades offered here. I believe it advisable as soonas possible to add enough grades so that at least junior high schoolwork can be offered at home.Serious consideration should be given to the buildingof several schools on the reservation to accommodate about a thousandmore than are now being taken care of. Owing to the fact that theNavajos from necessity are widely scattered, the feasibility of placingmany of their children in day schools is doubtful. It is necessary