Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
to become water- logged. This if unchecked. means the
ruination of the farm and garden eard the death oK all
vegetation. Tast year two open ditches were constructed
ind these are apparently operatin, fairly successfully
on acres which for the past 10 or 12 years have been
considered waste, have been partially reclaimed and are
now producing crops or partial crops I do not believe
that the ditches dug last year will succéed in solving
the problem. It is my opinion that they will have to be
extended somewhat
The first and third of the above mentioned needs
are pparent to even a casual observer, for they cause
the San Juan school to present at all times an unfavorable
a Ppearance ith toilet fixtures out of order, faucets
leakin, sewers plugged, water- heaters out of commission
and with either mud or unthinkably mineralized water coming
from the faucet a very time it 1 openod, with half the
farm and half the garden barren because of excess water
with vegetation, trees and shrubbery dying the place
presents at all time an appearance of neglect of havir
seen its best days and these appearances will no im
prove until these two handicaps have been removed. We
confidently believe we are on the road to be terment We
believe tne large reservoir mentioned above will ulti
netely prove a success that its leaks can be stopped
that a suitable filter can be installed, and that some
Arrango Inent can be devised to render the water bacteria
logicElly harmless ile know that the two open ditche
have lowered the water table in large tracts of land
and believe that these ditches it properly extended and
Carea for will reclaim the entire rea of the chool farm
End. rden
The second of the above mentioned needs protection
from the San Juan River flood waters not so Pporant
o the casual observer oWe ve. these possible floods
constitute an ever present danger and cause the Superin
tendent many anxious
mome II and, as has been stated.
nothing is being done to relieve the conditio.
Two additional class- rooms and a gymnasium are needed
at the San Juan School, together with additional play
ground equipment. We propose with the approval of the
Indian office, to erect a frame building that will provide
the class- rooms and the gym and this without much expen
diture of funds as the lumber will be fabricated in the
Agency sev- mill. The play- ground aparatus will be purchased
16
