— 1142C- CUNITED STATESDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORINDIAN FIELD SERVICELeupp School& Agency,Leupp, Arizona,August 3, 1926.*4Commissionerof Indian Affairs,Washington, D. C.AUG1O1926*P* Tsir:MEI acknowledge receipt of your communicationof July26th in further reference to my failure to prepare theStatistical section of the Armual Report of the LeuppJurisdiction. I no te the Office statement that these reports are required by the regulations and that only sevenpages of information were called for in the statisticalsection of the report. I note also the law which requiresSuperintendentsto submit an annual census of all Indiansunder their charge and the further fact that my predecessorsubmitted one for 1925 which should be the basis of my report of 1926.In answer to your letter I would respectfully say thatI will attempt to give such information as I feel is reasonably reliable. I do not care to hazard a guess about some-thing of which I know nothing. For example: Page 1 of yourstatistical Report calls for the amount of property belongingto Indians divided into Tribal and individual. I have madediligent inquiry concerning the personal property of theLeupp Indians and the answers are so in conflict that I feelthat all of them are worthless. The traders seem to fail todistinguish between those Indians which are properly belongingto the Leupp Jurisdiction and those of other jurisdictions.In fact, the general sub- division here seems to be Navajo andHopi. This is especially true of the vicinity of Indian Wells,Cedar Springs and Dilkon. I have started the process of dippingthe sheep on the reservation and this will give some clue tothe number of sheep which are owned. Last year approximately100, 000 head of sheep were dipped. I would invite your attention to the fact, however, that Indians from the Hopi Reservation,those to the South and the West and even some from Fort Defiancedrove their sheep here. At least such is the statement of therepresentativeof the Bureau of Animal Industry who was incharge of the operations.O TO