Forestry Activities,( Cont'd)
phase that has depleted the young stand of timber on some of the allotments
is that the Indians have cut the young trees for props and ties, leaving
a mature stand of yellow pino on the ground. Generally speaking the
ecological factors on the Eastern Nava jo aro such as to not promote the
growth of extensive forosts, excopt on a fer allotments situated in
the higher alevations. There are no timber sales in progress at the
prosent time. The local need of poles, fence posts, fuel, etc., is taken
care of from this forest. It is contemplated to purchase a portable
sawmill for this agency. The principal reason would be to saw lumber for
Ind lan home building. A very small per cent of the Indian population live
in houses. The desirability of promoting home building 18 obvious. It is
believed that this move could be most economically effected by the use of
a small semill, using Indian labor almost exclusively. It would also
promoto Industry among the Navajos that should prove beneficial in after
years.
( 2) Irrigation Activities.
As stated earlier in this report, very little land is under irrigation
for the reason that mater is so scarce and expensive to develop. It is
hoped and expected that some substantial irrigation projects will be
developed within the very near future. The most promising location is a
privately omed tract of land situated on the south side of the San Juan
River, near Bloomfield. This tract includes irrigable land in excess of
2,000 acres. Altitude ranges from 5,100 to 5,300 feet above sea level.
It is believed that this area would prove to be suitable inasmuch as it is
not too remotely situated from Ind ian allotments and range lands to be used
by their stock. Feed crops could be raised to supplement the range forage.
On this project, it is proposed to lift the water by pump about ten feet,
using natural gas for motive power.
( 3) Allotments, etc.
Up to the present time, 4,285 allotmonts have been made but not per
focted. Some of those allotmonts have been rejected for various reasons.
It may be stated that in round numbers an area of approzima tely 600,000
acres have been or will be perfected. Nearly all of these allotments have
been or will be issued as trust patents. These allotments are not con
tiguous, but cover a checker- boarded area of extensive proportions.
Situated as they are in McKinley, San Juan, Sandoval, Bernalillo, Valencia,
and Socorro Counties, it is necessary for administrative officers to travel
long distances while porforming their work. At the present time a land
consolidation and land acquisition program is in progress. These widely
distributed allotments causes the Indians to live in scattered communities,
intermingled with white people. This situation is expensive from an
administration standpoint. It also is the cau se of a good deal of friction
among the various peoples.
