and save many young girls from becoming victims of this classof men.The State authorities are reluctant to handle Indiancases even where the offense happens to be within their jurisdiction. I have found this attitude in all the States in whichI have worked-- South Dakota, where all the Yankton Souix Indianswere citizens, in Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah.An examination of the map of this reservation will show that wecan not well complain of the Arizona and Utah authorities. Thewhole northern part of Arizona is Indian reservation and the seatof State and County authority is far to the south on the line ofthe Santa Fe railroad. In case of a strictly Federal offense byan Indian on that pert of the reservation which is in Arizona Ido not know how many miles I would have to travel to get him tothe nearest United States Commissioner. The same is true as tothat part of the reservation which is in Utah. The fact that ithas not been necessary for me or my predecessor to attend FederalCourt in Utah or Arizona speaks well for our Indian people. Iknow of no other people of similar numbers and covering suoh aterritory who have no more supervision than it is possible togive these people who would get along with as little serioustrouble as they do.The Navajo indulges in the dance as do all Indiane. TheNavajo dance is designated as a" Sing" and partakes considerably of a religious character, and medical help. There is nevera" sing" except when someone is sick, 80 the" sing" is reallyan effort to heal the siok by the practice of religious rightsand inoantations. This is not so far away from some forms ofwhite practices as people might think 11 they happen to think ofour Indians as savages and heathens. The fact that it is alwayspossible to find a sick person when they want to have a" sing"does not change its ourative effects any. My observation is thatthe Navajo dance is not as detrimental to the moralo as are thedances of other tribes. The greatest ob jeotion to them is thatthey perpetuate heathenish belief and superstition and the influence of the medicine men. No one but a medicine man oan oonduot a" Bing" and in some of the more elaborate one e a number ofthese men participate, like so many actors in a play. The shortest danoo possible lasts three days. The Firo Dance and Yaba- Chirequire nearly two weeks to complete. Send painting and other elaborate ceremonies are a part of these danoes. The Navajo differefrom other tribes in that he does not have any fixed times forhis dance, like the sun dance of the northern tribes or the snakedance of the Moqui. When a" sing" is on in a neighborhood work is4.