?
-2.
Law and Order( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
more definite progress. As I say above, the thing that would
help most for best results in this respect is the establish
ment of government by either State or Federal laws as now
proposed by the Office and the Commissioner.
The Hopis are great dancers. They have many ceremonies.
Some of them are very interesting and of a good character.
Others can be criticized from the white man's view point. I
think more harm than good would come from any interference
with these ceremonies at this time. As the Indians progress
and separate out into the valleys these dances will gradually
be less and less. While they dance too much now for their
own good, still it is their only recreation and amusement.
The Navajos do not dance as much as the Hopis. Outside of
the introduction of liquor at these dances, from nearby white
communities, these Navajo dancos are all right. The Navajos
get together peacefully, quietly, and earnestly, hold their
ceremonies and then quickly disperse. While we had an o1
ficer on the grounds giving his full time to this reservation
we had no introduction of liquor. Since this officer was
promoted and has the entire southwest to look after, introduc
tion of liquor is a serious problem which we cannot overcome
without& white chief of police.
( a). These dances should be continued for the best
interests of the Indians, but should be properly supervised
by the Superintendent and a white chief of police.
( b). Very few of the Navajo children take part in these
dances, especially school children. There is considerable
criticism against the Hopis for allowing students to take
part in their ceremonies, especially those ceremonies occupy
ing most of the night, and held in underground kivas. These
childron, most of them, participate in these all- night dances
to the detriment of their school work the next day. I believe
this feature of their life also has a bad effect on the eyes
of the children.
The marriage and divorce customs on the Hopi Reservation
are practically those established by Indians on other reserva
tions. Several of the younger people, without much encourage
ment, marry according to the laws of our State, but as we have
no legal authority to compel them to do so,& number of the
young people defy us in our attempts to have all marriages
legal. This attitude is very pronounced among the Hotevilla
Hopis. Until we have a law governing this, in other words,
forcing them to marry legally, this undesirable condition will
continue. The legally married people of course have to be
legally separated in the courts of the county where divorce is
