ITED STATES OF ERIc.27reductio;in the various classesimprovemeof land as classer,Q. And in doinso yo came to e conclusio lateac ce lat cost was 1e difference between$ 35 peracre and the vallation laced by he appraisers on the improvementson the cultivated land!A. Yes. We realized thatat n be in eIn somecases, but we also found as a Board charged with reachingconclusions in a multiplicity of cases, and after much discussion, that that methodwas in our opinion an equitable andfair method on thewhole.The difference in states of improvements thereinare reflected in 1e different app. isements of the present markevalues of the land.In a general way we placed the$ 35. valuatioon the26 present improved lands as of the dates either of 1889or 1902, the minimum date which under the law the adverse claimants had to prove possession, but I would say thatwe placed it beyond that date, and we had in mind anaverageof 50 years, or between 40 and 50 years,Q. Then is it not correct that you have allowed in thisland which you have evalued at$ 35 an acre no sam whateverfor increase in value of the land since that time?A. No, thatis not correctQ. If you valued as of$ 35 an acre as of 40 or 50 yearsago, in what figures is there reflected any increase in valuesince that time, or did you consider that the Indian was notentitled to any increasein value?A. No, we did consider at the Indiawas en led to aincrease in value. In fact we discussed the matter very fullywith people whom I might name but do not consider it neces.sary to do so, as to what in the general practice in the courtsand the general custom of valuations up and down the RioGrande Valley was the actual average value of good lands 40or 50 years ago, and we found the generally accepted figureas admitted in court records and elsewhere of the generalaverage value at a much more recent period even than 40years ago, was around 25 an acre, and were incined to takethat as a basis, and then in discussing tine matter amongourselves, this vy item that you mention was broughеCup,