Southern Pueblos Agency,Albuquerque, New Mexico.SECTION II" HEALTH"During the fiscal year 1928 the general health and sanitaryconditions of the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction have been good withthe exception of an epidemic of measles and whooping cough at Sia andSan Felipe, totaling 151 cases with 18 deaths.As to sanitary conditions in and around Indian homes, itshould be stated that many of the Indians make creditable efforts toscreen their homes against flies and mosquitoes. Informal sanitaryinspections made by Dr. Holt include the taking of samples of waterfrom a number of wells, which were examined free of charge by theState Public Health Laboratory and found satisfactory for drinkingpurposes. Possibly the organization of mothers' and women' s clubswould tend to improve home conditions.The medical facilites of this jurisdiction are totally inadequate to meet the needs of the Indians. We have approximately 6, 000Indians. The greater majority are willing to take medical treatment,while we only have two doctors, each with a jurisdiction of approximately3, 000. In the jurisdiction of Dr. Holt, senior physician, we have onefield nurse who takes care of about 1, 800 Indians, and another fieldnurse who takes care of 500 of our Indians and about 1, 300 Indians ofthe Northern Pueblos jurisdiction. We have also a very efficient nurse,Mrs. Reebel, of the Eastern Association of Indian Affairs, located atJemez who takes care of Jemez and Sia pueblos, with a population ofabout 800. The other distriot covered by Dr. Tipton has one fieldnurse located at Paguate, a village of approximately 550. This villageis so located that it is impossible for this nurse to take care of anyof the other villages of this district, which means that in this district we have one doctor and no nurse for approximately 2, 500 Indians,these Indians being the most progressive ones of the jurisdiction.In addition to the need for additional doctors and nursesthere is great need for a dentist who could make regular visits to thepueblos.The former policy of getting as many as possible of the casesof trachoma and tuberculosis hospitalized is still being pursued. Temporary tents are not needed. The large new general hospital at the U. S.Indian School in Albuquerque was opened for patients July 1. It servesthe neighboring pueblos as well as the large boarding school, and promisesto fill a long- felt need in all departments- medicine, surgery, andobstetrics, if adequately staffed and finanoed.There have been but two cases of venereal diseases reportedduring the past fiscal year,