( 5)
Section 4- Industries.
Farming is a more or less precarious industry in this vi
oinity. From information obtained from the oldest settlers,
it is learned that once in every five years a good crop of
vegetables and cereals may be expected. Frosts occur late
in July and early in September, so that practically six
weeks only in the year are free from frosts. Hay is the
only crop that can reasonably be depended upon, with gen
erally a fair crop of oats if the ground is prepared in
the fall. The Indians, however, cannot be persuaded to do
much fall plowing, principally due to their desire to
earn a little money in the fall to carry them through the
winter. The potato crop, which in some years yielded enor
mously, last year was a total failure, due to the elements,
which could not be avoided. The coming fall bids fair to
resemble last year, with a possable increase in the crop
of hay harvested, Mexion corn is sometimes raised, but
not in quantitdes which allow for the sale of same.
For these reasons some other industry must be depended
upon to make a livelihood fot these Indians the only thing
resounce the majority can use at present is the timber.
The timber on tribal& allotted lands is all tribal
property. The present market price of same is$ 3 per 1000
feet. From operations the past few months, during which
time accurate figures have been kept of the costs, it has
been aetermined that the$ 3 stumpage charge can be de
ducted from all lumber sawed at the mill for deposit to the
credit of the tribe, and good wages can be paid a large
number of Indians for cutting logs, hauling logs to saw
mili, hauling ta lumber and ties to Agency yard or railroad,
working in mill& c.& c.. This work and the individual making
of ties by Indians is the industry that must be depended x
upon for their maintenance, To operate the saw mill and
conduct this business successfully, the greatest latitude
should be allowed the Superintendent
in improving the saw
mill, purchasing supplies and repairs, and visiting lumber
dealers with a view to marketing the products. A large body
of timber should also be reserved from sale, preferably that
adjacent to the railroad, which would accommodate the mill
for some years.
A few of the more industrious Indians have taken sheep
on shares to graze on their allotments, and have thus ac
quired a start in that industry: one man owning now 800
head and others from 100 to 500 secured that way: should
proceeds of sales of timber be used in purchasing stock,
many will take good care of the numbers given them and wial
soon be on a self- supporting basis. The allotments are of
no use for any other purpose.
No improvements are found on the grazing allotments, as
