Davin J. Coriz/ Wicked_ kid_ like_ sid@ yahoo. comTo All my homeboys and home girls both old and new, those still here andthose that have gone... I MADE IT YO... to Sean “ PAX" Trujillo for all of the Crazytimes hours of fun the snow boarding and fight trips and getting my poor self aJacket when I was freezing... Flow, Keef, Wobert, DJ Quest, and anyone else everapart of the DJ Club... Keep the Heads Banging... To Prezumed Ded( formallyAkrynumb)... For the first experience of my musical Career( 1 Hope) some ofthe best moments of my high school years thanks to Tim McLaughlin and theArts Fests he let us play at... to the class of 268 this is it SENIORS BABY!!... To allthe staff that have pushed me to keep going and continued to tell me I coulddo better... it' s finally paying off... To Coach Rod for continuous guidance andsupport both on and off the field... to the dorm staff for protection while I' maway from home... to Miss Willz for always being there... and all of the candyshe lets me get... to Rudy Bents, and Dave Toledo for understanding the metalinside me and always encouraging me to let it out... To Amber Dawn Martinezfor letting me know to never be afraid to be myself and taught me that life isprecious and never take it for granted... thanks for everything... to Stace forbeing there for me for five years, through thick and thin, no matter what happens,through the best and worst times of my life, and always understanding why I amthe way that I am... Love you always and Forever... to Thea and Amelia( ha hayou missed lamb of god) for being my best friends this last year... if one wasn' tthere the other was... thanks... finally to my Family for their unconditional love,continuous support and guidance... no matter what problems life throws at us, ifwe work hard at it we can always make it through... that lesson has always beenthe most important thing in my life... I love you.... With that... peace love andrespect... Davin( Jimmy) CorizMikaela Romero/babybrownsugar07@ yahoo. comWOW Senior Class We made it!! Thank youmom& dad 4 always supporting& beingthere 4 me, Love ya! Thanks Ryan 4 alwaysencouraging me 2 keep going! Thank youDarren! Babe you always put a smile on myface& make me so happy, you mean a lot 2me! Kassie, my twin, thanks 4 always beinghere 4 me& all the fun& crazy times we had!Thanks 4 da laughs Pookie, Johnny& Nikki& 2all da people dat have influenced my life!Justine Fender/ justinefender24@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to send a great bigthank you to my parents and family for alwayspushing me to do my best and to never giveup. My parents are the best ever, I love youmom, dad, saya, Shy, lan, Lolly, my uncles( BIG WORM), aunties, Alex and baby, the veryspecial person in my life who is also my bestfriend and who has been there these lastcouple of years. I would also like to thank all ofmy teachers who have helped me to becomethe educated person I am today. Also to all mygirlies and buddies and all the homies I metalong the way for making school so muchfun, interesting and an adventure and for allthe fun times, laughs, hugs, cries, stupid times,blonde moments, personal discussions andlessons in Sean' s room, all that made schoolworth while. Sean for always being a friend,mentor, teacher and all that good stuff... yourroom was the funnest. I love all you guys!!! Andfinally, to the class of 2008!!! We did it!!!* tear*Best wishes to all of you in the real big world=] Good luck!!! Class of 2008 WooHoo!!! MuchLove KupuAshley Pacheco/ ash44_ 20082009@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to congradulate the Class of 08' we did it!! I would alsolike to thank my frens, family especially my mom, 2nd flr staff Jill, Renee, Mary,and Dalene oh and the proctors Tiff and Shadie for all their support this schoolyear! Good luck to everyone as you enter your freshmen year in College! Lastbut not least good luck to next year Seniors!( Krissy, Shadie, Tiff, and Lacey!)Kristina Elote/ wurdbecomesflesh@ yahoo. comHELLO! Hey I made it! Yay! It was long but at the same time short fouryears here at SFIS. I just want to thank the people that made thesefour years not so bad. To my friends- Jada, T, Sherri, April, Maya, Lynisha,Janine, Joelle, Stacie, Linz, Amanda, Apes, Jorge, Shay, Lulu, Ash, andeveryone else thanks for all the cool, crazy times!! Thanks for keepingme smiling! I love you guys! To my brother and sister: I love you! Eventhough all we seem to do is fight you guys are still cool in my bookHaha! Both you two best keep your grades up or else! lol jk. To the LadyBraves- Thanks for all the fun times on and off the court! You guys arethe best! Thanks Marce for all the advice you gave me, well you weresleeping! lol jk but thanks Marce! To coach Seata, thank you for believingin me, I told you I would prove myself. Thanks, Coach! To My family,DAD, Don, and Mom thanks for everything you had to do to raise meright, I think you guys did a good job! I turned out all right!;) Thanks forevery thing, you guys are truly the best and I love you!! Finally to theunderclassmen HANG IN THERE! Lol I wish you all luck! Lulu, Maya twomore years homies! Lol you guys got this! THANKS EVERYONE!!!! I' mOUT!! Class 2008 YO!!! lolJanine Drywater/ janine_monkibutt@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to thank all the staffhere for encouraging me to do my best, Myfriends for making everyday the best andenjoying every step of the way. Last but notleast my parents. They are the one' s whobrought me back every Sunday and madesure I did my homework. All those lecturesI got from them is fianlly paying off. Muchlove to them! For you lower classmen justdo your work and no slacking! We did it! Yayc/ o 2008!119