nnual Report, 1926
San Juan
seek trensfer to some of the non- reservation schools. Hence
we have little opportunity to judge the character of our
own graduates. When these same pupils return to the resor.
vation, having completed their course at E non- reservation
school, they have taken on the mold in, and character of
the non- reservation school and little resemble the unso
phisticated little boys and girls that left the home
school Returning as graduates fron the non- reservation
school the girls seek and secure employment as a one stics
in the small towns lying just north and east of the reser
vation where they remein Ior a few years ultimately
returning to the reservation where they merry and once
more take up the burden of reservation existence where it
was broken ofT some 14 or 16 years before. The boys seek
and secure employment in nearby Colorado or New Mexican
parts in the nines the lumber camps the snelters On
The rail road ith the ranchers etc etc where they
receive iron three to five dollars per day and where many
of them eem to Inace ood. A few return to and are assini
lated by the res ervation, better fitted to occupy and
maintain 2 Place in the world even if it be a reservation
world, by reason of their ability to read Trite speak
and understand English nd to meet white people on
coInnon footing
After three year' s residence Lmong the Navajo I
have not materially changed the impressions gained during
the first year. Rather these impressions have been trength
ened. In the Report o: June 0th 1924 it was stated
The Navajo is" different He cobs his hair
differently Jelks aiierently; lives after
ently; thinks differently; eats differently
dresses differently works aifferently; saves
differently
he N vajo is self- supporting and always
has been and it keeps him mighty busy. To ex
tract a living from the Nava jo desert is a nighty
serious matter and requires constant planning
and the continuous effort of every member of
the family
There is little id2 aness, hence little immorality
little vice. They work, they save they endeavor to accu
mulate and, if they fail in their endeavor it is not
much lack of effort as it because of lack of opportunity
18.
