2SUEBLO DE SANT CLARAas to whether or not in taking a base for figuring theloss weshotot a o wha ere co Vice Wa Is generallyaccepted basic valuation, and added to it$ 10 an acre, andput it up to$ 35 instead of$25, whichwas an increase ofaround 40"% over tlho figure which we might reasonably haveadopted as the figureto make up for that average possible increase in whatyou might call intrinsic value.Q. In the San Juan case you testified that the$ 10 additionto the basic value of about 40years ago of$ 25, as I understand, was to take care of what cultivationtherewas on theland at the time, 40 years ago,A. Well, that may have entered into it.Q. Wasn' t that theonly reasonyou gavein that case forthe additional$ 10 anacre?Mr Fraser: I object. Here again the record speaks foritself.Q. I am entitled to ask the witness thatquestion.Mr Hagerman: I don' tknow as it was, evenif were mentioned, it was only one element in it.Q. Didn' t you testify in the San Juancase, on April 10or 11th, in Judge Neblett' s court, as follows:" We did notgo faras to say that the land in allcases raw land,sowason the contrarywe believethat in many casesthat some workhadbeen done on theland at the timeof its transfer."A. We were speakingof the SanJuan case then, yes.Q." Andit ought to compensate for theaverage im.27 proved conditionover the raw condition. After dis.cussing thematter very thoroughly and frequently, webelieved thatan additional$ 10 added to our valuation of$ 25at that time wasperhaps while leaning smelhat in favorof the Indians, a reasonable basis to base our valuationsupon, and thereforewe took as a basic value$ 35, an acre."A. If the record so says, I did make that statementQ. Isn' t it true that you have adopted that same method inthe Santa Clara case in fixing the$ 35 valuation?A. No not entirely, iecause I think tiаt сireunstancesaredifferent in Santa Clara from what they were in San Juan.The figure of$. 5 adere was, according to our investigations, thegeneraliy accented value of landsat thetime nen.