Southern Pueblos Agency,Albuquerque, New Mexico.SECTION I" LAW AND ORDER"The agency headquarters of the Southern Pueblos jurisdictionare located at 723 N. Second Street, Albuquerque, New Mexico, in Government owned building. This building is large enough for the present needsof this agency. With the exception of the position of property clerk,there are sufficient employees for the needs of this agency. The positionof property clerk has been established for the coming fiscal year.Without question, the most serious problem confronting theseIndians is the question of law and order, due to the fact that there isno Federal legislation covering any but the seven mejor crimes, leavingthe minor felonies and misdemeanors to settlement by tribal customs. Thefact is entirely overlooked that where the tribal customs have been brokendown to the extent of placing the children in schools and inducing theIndians to take medical treatment and hospitalization, the maintenanceof law and order is also broken down in proportion. It has been the policyof the Government to advise the Indians that their customs in health andeducation should be discontinued but their custom of law and order shouldbe maintained. This policy does not take into consideration the fact thatIndian customs, including religion, law and order, health, and educationare looked upon as one unit by the Indian and to weaken any part of thosecustoms weakens all. This is proven by the fact that the most troubletwith law and order are in pueblos that are more advanced in health andeducation. The pueblos that refuse medical treatment and are unwillingto place their children in school are the ones that maintain the best lawand order. We believe that the Government should substitute an adequatesystem of maintaining law and order in these pueblos where it has brokendown the tribal custons to such an extent that the governing officials havevery little authority over their people. This can be accomplished in veriousways, such as extending the State criminal laws to the Indians to be enforcedthrough the Federal Courts, or adding the crime of assault to the seven crimesover which the Federal Courts have jurisdiction, This latter suggestionwould cover 90% of the offenses committed by the Indians of this jurisdiction.verty,suchasa teamCourts,orhaveJurisdictionThe question of Indian dances has never been a serious one withthese Indians, and while it takes considerable of their time with practicingand visiting, they are practically harmless, and we believe that eventuallythey will be discontinued as the Indians become more educated.With a few exceptions, the Indians comply fully with the Statelaws regarding marriages and recently the State Courts have permitted theIndians to file suits for divorce, and an increasing number have taken advantage of this and are securing State divorces before taking other mates,There is no Indian Court in connection with this jurisdiotion.