)1Section IIHealth.-1.The general health conditions at this school and agencyare very good.2.No epidemics occured during the year.3.The general sanitary conditions, especialli in and around theIndian homes, are bad. The houses are small, poorly lightedand ventilated and the teepes are dirty.3a.Very little has been accomplished during the year in improving sanitary conditions of the Indian homes. The fieldmatron has made efforts along the line of inspection but withlittle improvment. The only way home conditions can be improved is by compelling the Indians to clean up. Some of thefunds these Indians expect to get this year should be usedto build small sanitary houses. We expect to make a strongereffort this coming year to enforce improved conditions. Aphysician has recently been appointed and will be able toassist materially in this work.A hospital is needed here and hospital tents especiallyto enable the physician to have access to the many cases oftrachoma found here.The physician is txex examining and treating all thetrachoma cases he can get hold of. We expect to list alltrachoma cases and compel them to come to the agency fortreatment.3b.30.3dT think that a temporary tent hospital might be practicalhere for the treatment of adults and children. There are veryfew children here who would be inelligible for school if wehad proper facilities for their case, but under presentconditions the school increases the speead of tra choms amongthe pupils and endangers all the employes.4.The medical work here is very unsatisfactory. Untilrecently a contract physician was employed who visited theagency only once each week. The present physician has beenhere hardly long enough to gain the complete confidence ofthe andians, but I think is making fair progress in his workand will be able to make a showing another year.The most urgent need now for carrying on the medical workat this school and agency is a new school plant with a wellequipped hospital.5.5a.No additional health employes are needed until morefacilities are secured.6.The field matron has endeavored to teach the women tokeep their homes in better condition, and to make theirclothing and keep their children clean.