1
mend this procedure too strongly.
Wo have plenty for one Forest employee to do with grazing, telephones, roads,
firos, oto, but with the two positions it is almost impossiblo to koop them
busy. In fact, it takes considerable or one man's time trying to find some
thing for the other to keep buay at.
In view of an additional hospital nurse's position having been created, I
would have a nurse from the Hospital do field work under the Doctor's orders,
bringing the hospital organization closer to the Indian homes than at present,
Positin Mo 29
Would abolish the position of Carpenter, and in place creato a position of
Field Carpenter, to aid in home improvement program.
Would oroate a position of Interpreter at$ 1200,00 por yoar or moro, salary
to be paid from tribal funds. This position will be of more benefit to Ind
ians then most any other, as well as to the Government, to insure correct in
terpretation in every day work,
Would abolish the position of Stockman at the Agency, and create a regular
posi tion of Practical Tarmer and Irrigator. This position is a mis- nomer, as
the Stockman now employed tends to our Agency farm,
Would create a regular position at the LaJara station, of Practical Farmer
and Irrigator, to make a productive farm. This farn should produce a large
amount of feod, and be used as a Winter buok- feeding camp.
Would create a posi tion of Fence Rider, We have over a 100 miles of bound
ary fence that should be maintained, with no one to closely supervise same.
All trespass could be eliminated if this position were created, and much trouble
avoided from trespassers stealing supplies, etc from our camps when temporarily
vacated. This could be stopped to a large extent 11 some one was on the me
job ette to ride the reservation line and keep check on movements of irrespons
1 ble parties.
Would create a Garage Mechanic's position. We have ten cars and trucks to be
kept in running order, four tractors, a telephone line, besides stationary on
gines, saw- mill, dipping vats, plumbing, general repairs, driving of trucks, eto.
At prosent it is absolutely necessary that we have some one employed to take
care of this volume of work. From the standpoint of economy, someone must be om
ployed to do this mechanical work. It has been necessary to hire irregular
help to do this work, No adai tional funds would be necessary as our budget
will take care of this additional employee and automatically dispense with irreg
ular help in this position.
