.1( 3)Industries( continued)Hopi Indian Agencyfinancial loss but an economic loss which tells against our encouragementfor greater agricultural areas. This fence pro position is a serious handicap not only to these Indians but to us in our work to have the Indians moreindependent.The Indians are not required to do road work without compensation but theyare very good about assis ti ng wherever their help is needed.If a wash isimpassable through recent elements or a bad sto rm, if we ask them for a certainnumber of men and teams, they will come and assist us to have the corssingmade all right again, but we have no system of per capita road work. We donot believe it advisable. With the increased number of automobiles among theIndians, we find an increased interest among them for better roads and we haveno trouble to get them to assist us whenever it is necessary to put a road ingood condition. The Hopis especially are very fine about this, often buildingor rebuilding miles of road without our encouragement or assistance.the past year one sme 11 villa ge of Hopis donated over 1600 days of work on onesingle road not three miles in length.DuringThe Irri gation Service has a station on this reservation and they have anumber of wells which they maintain and keep running. While this agency doesnot believe in spending money for expensive wells, we are developing seepagesand springs here and there over the reservation wherever we can, using theNavajo oil money for that purpose. We are also getting the Indians to builddirt dams for the impounding of sur face water where we dan hold an amount ofsur face water during the summer. During the past year we succeeded in developing considerable amount of water along these lines which has been very helpfulto these Indians and allow them to extend their grazing areas.We have no allotments but we allow th ese Indians to go out and take up anyunimproved land any place they wish to build a house, put in crops and developwater. We have a good meny of these places all over the reservation. More ofthem are built each year.Fortunately we have no a llotments or other lea sed land on the reservation.All the reservation land is used by the Indias.It would not be a dvi sable for us to lease any of this land for farming orgrazing. They need a 11 the land for their ow use.Stockrai si ng Industry( a) Stock is increasing in numbers and generally improving inquality, although the cattle herds do not improve as fast as they should owing to tthe indifference of the Indians to the real worth and need of good bulls.