19008
:
hee oruulley
porno
fuoy
card ing machine, or mill, should be erected at the agency. It would
roquire but little power to run it; in fact, I believe there is an
eng ine there now, not in use, which would answer the purpose. The
school girls ought to learn and should be taught to spin the same
as our mothers and grand- mothers were taught and learned to do. Old
fashioned hand- looms could be introduced into the schools and the
girls taught to weave. All this would cost so little that it seems
strange it has not occurred to some one before. The Indians on this
reservation would then be practically independent of the government
so far as clothing is concerned. They could manufacture their own
cloth, and, as they exhibit a great deal of taste in blend ing colors
as well as dyeing yarns, I predict they would be very successful in
this work if once properly started. In looking over the reservation
and studying the employments of these people, I find we have really
done but little towards bettering their cond ition. It occurs to me
that this plan I suggest is a step which will conmend itself to tho
Department and is well worth the trial, not only on this but other
reservations. The success of these people in raising sheep suggests
that it would be well to introduce the same industry on others in
the southwest. It is a well known fact that the cattle men crowd
the Indians out wherever they have been furnished by the Department
with cattle, but this can not well be done in raising sheep. The In
dians move about with their herds, and if white men undertake to in
troduce sheep on Indian reservations they too must accompany their
flocks and can easily be found and made to move without the reserva
tion borders.
THE NAVAJOE BOARDING SCHOOL.
This school is located at Fort Defiance, adjacent to the Agency.
At present Francis W. Neel is superintendent; W. C. Dick and Hattie
E. Bens on, teachers; Lura P. Manning, Kindergartner; Wm. T. Muse
Indian teacher; Minnie Y. Neel Macon and Maggie Keough, seams tresses;
Mary E. Keel, laundress; Jennie E. Houser, cook; Sam McClure, Ed.
Mc Ciure and florence Devore, Indian assistants;' L. M. Drury?
tempo
rary) assistant matron.
Ít has occurred to me that the Indian Office frequently makes
the mistake in promoting teachers to superintendents. My observation
has shown me that school teachers make poor executive officers. A
disciplinarian would make a better superintendent, provided he had
sufficient education, even if he had never been engaged in teaching,
than the average school teacher. Mr. Neel is personally known to me.
At one time he had charge of the public school in my town in Idaho
and gave fair satisfaction, but I do not think he is a successful
superintendent. I fully concur in what one of my associates inspec
tor's said concerning this school: it has the appearance of" dry
rot". In connection with this subject I beg leave to suggest to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that there was a former disciplina
rian, or industrial teacher( I think disciplinarian) at this school,
who was transferred from the Navajoe Board ing School to Phoenix. The
agent could give his name and present address. From all I learn
concerning this man, although I did not meet him, I believe he would
make a good schools superintendent; and as material to fill these
( 4)
