Santa Te, 1 H.mey 10, 1000Hon. Com' r. Ina. AtairsWashington, D. C.SirIn 20 1pany with sup. orazadala visited the Agency 60 ascotain ifpoesihle, what rooms* had been orgenod and had refused". Your Letterof feys, being the first timEtio I had of the matter. I was told bythe Gierk inaharge that they were the rooms next those occupied by theAgency. Winen I asked, Saartepe Keongs were offered, me? he could not tenonly that he" Understood they gad been when the Agt. called at mycosas one Eve.For a better understanding of the matter, permit me to state that Ioccupy a suite of rooms weed es 01 Loe, Sit- room, bed- room, Kitohen,which are fully furnished by Tay sa1f.The Agt. called on the Eve. or sept. 28, 190 partiy as he said, to seethese furishings and see how... ch room I needed. After going through throoms he said," This furniture is all yours, is it?" Yes, I replied," The nyou would need a housee of four or five rooms, Tould you not"?& md I saidYes, I' a 11ke one more room than I have now, so that t can entertain theteachers when they come to the Agency. He said that he had nothing vacantthen that was at all suitable but hoped to have soon and that army way hewould not advise me to move at present, as theiras a probab111ty 0.change in the disposition of the Reservation and he hoped when the changeWEs made to locate ne permanent and auch more pleasantly than he couldthen. He said he had wanted to get into the rooms of old Col. Breeden andsee what condition they are in, and if they could be made habitable forme, but that he never could ng nim, and did not suppose I would ratthe sy way.( These are the rooms next the Agency) I said No, I did notthink I would like them, the Agt' s own words ara sanner confirming whatI had heard of the condition of these rooms. Rhe ocupant referred tobeing a Ioor old sot, deserted by his family, who 11vos 11ke& beast inCe Soome and has ser many months. It the Agt. has ever mentioned thematter since I have seiled to understand him a. s offering the the rooms.They have never been shown to me and I and not know that they were vacantThe only offer of rooms which I have understand en minh, Trta made to meby letter, 8, copy of which with ay reply se etiolodd.I have looked up Rule 1e3 as roquested and doinclude that it was meent toapply to boarding schools where the teacher, Boarding at the school club,does not need abusem keeping ſagilt see, mis bale 25 martie 41cferent andis this: The Agt, lives in God. sae elérx de poung Aga ana single,The Ind. school is a couple of malee out of She city, therefore the hospitelities to teachers whicà e Veza, extended by ar. Eng. Agt. or hisclerk in charge devolve upon the super si sheher was is very gladof the opportunity of the pligtad. Eve aq leeves tegeners in 19ýHorate this year rois ano de Bell, I fout ndre had deveral morenabisibi to the onlay of bir dipas sh the orig.poste move at present. Le have soon and the totning vacant