Hopi 2.
5. Indian Dances here are well conducted and more or
less Ceremonies of long duration among both Navajos
and Hopis. I believe they do not, as a rule, retard
industrial progress except possibly in a small measure
with the Hopi. If I were to criticise the dances at a 12
I would say that there are too many of them by the
Hopi poople, but they have to have amusement and
recreation and these dances furnisies it.
These dances should be supervised and the Indians
told of any faults in then or any degra ding influences
connected with them. I attend some for this reason.
These dances are gradully, if slowly, getting of
less importance and less people take part in thom.
b. Returned students take part. Also students of the
schools on the reserve. I have seen no dance that would
be of immoral influence on these students and can so
far see no objection to their taking part as certain
members of clans requested to do certain things.
6. Marriage and divobie are a farce here. Legal
maggiages are encouraged and a number of people are so
legally married, but the greatest number are not.
There is a great deal of immorality among these people
and the young girls and wives are practically prey
for men. It seems there is no tribal laws or rules
which would protect the girls and women, as in other
tribes like the Sioux, for instance. This situation
is making it impossible for these people to progress
as they are expected to.
a. None of these Indians comply with the State
Marriage Laws unless made to or persuaded to by mission
aries or superintendent or employees.
b. I am simply bluffing many to accept the legal and
decont marriage ceremony, but more do not accept.
e. Cordial and splendid cooperation between county and
state officials and this agency obtain to the end that
the superintendent can perform marriages and handles
licenses without trouble or delays.
7. To improve present deplorable conditions it is nec
ossary to apply the State Lawsmaking these people
understand it is punishment if they do not. This can
Rot be done without an effectivo Law and Order force,
not made up by native police, insympathy with their
own people and at times the biggest offenders.
8.
Indian Courts on this reserve were abandoned long
