( 7)Industries( continued)Hopi Indian AgencyEMPLOYMENT OF INDIANS( a) There is not enough places for employment either on thereservation or nearby for all of our Indians. We have many who go to thelumber camps each year. Some who work on the railroads,& mamber who workin the towns but there does not seem to be enough employment for all. Wecould place more Indians if we get them in places a long the railroad, espescially places which could be filled by returned students, both boys and girls.( b) All the assistance we can give the retumed students for workare our regular force at the Agency and the fie id matrons or the principalslocated at the different villages. We are doing all we dan for these returned students but I believe we should have on the reservation a labor agentwho attends entirely to this work and who will be continually laboring toget positions for these Indians and Indians for positions. I belive weshould have such a position for this reserva ti on permanently fixed.We havetried twice and have made wonderful success during the time we have had sucha man. The Indians are continually asking me why we do not have such a meanow. I believe that would be the solution to the problem of finding employment for the non- employed on this reservation. It would mean a very wanderful improvement for these Indians and wald set at work the heavy investmentmade by the Government in the se boys and girls who are now off and turnedout of school with nothing to do and no one to help them find suitable employment at decent wages in good environment. This is a serious economic lossat present.( c) As I have said before, our Indian Service workers do everythingwe can to assist these boys and girlswho return from outside schools and theolder Indians to get work, but there is no systematic, continual or definiteplan under the control or management of any one person for getting best resultsalong these Inhou.s.A men and woman should be employed here who do nothingelse by attend to such duties. I believe the fares alone from the Indianswould pay the upkeep of a good truck and all other expenses of such work outside of the salary and traveling expenses of thos e employed in the work. Iam sure these Indias, a great many of them, would go out to work if we couldget some sympathetic person in the position of employment agent who would getthem started off the reservation and to keep in touch with them long enoughto have them see the desirable effects of having continuous work at go od wages.( a) Under our present system we cannot keep in touch with thelocal conditions so far as getting work for the Indians is concerned. TheAt certain times now the mills wi 11 want several hundred men and at othertimes perhaps only 50 or more and with our very few busy employees on thereserva ti on it is impossible for us to care for this work with our presentforce.( e) The Navajos like very much to work at the saw mills. A greatmany of them go to McNary each year where they get good wages for severalmonths during the year. Other bunches work on the highways building roadsduring the summer time. They are good teamsters and shovel men. A number