with roller skating. All these games together with roller skating
went on in the gym at the same time. The groups ratated from one day to
the next.
1" the ping pong tournament the girls.". singles was won by Lauta
Raye, fitst: Connie Cata, second; and Carolyn Töfoya, third.
The girls doubles winners were: Laura Haye, and Grace Sanchez,
first place: Betty Encino and Josephin Reyos, second.
The mixed doubles winners were: Carolyn Tofoya and Rufus Kateen,
first and V, ngie. Jojola and Eugeno Keams, second.
The tumbling club was composed of 19 members: Clydene Naranjo,
Esther Yazzie, Virgie Calabaza, Josie Trujillo, Olememčia failon, Marie
A. Chavez, Rose R. Chevarillo, Sala Sandoval, Daisy Sanchez, Flora Lopez
Margaret Pino, Mary Reyos, Margaret Mermejo, Bertha Mae Cata, Bernande
Montoya, Jennie Chavez, Beatrice, Archuleta, Esther mpos, Louise Cata,
These girls provided very interesting and entertaining programs between
halves of the basketball games.
Softball was carried on as a class project played by classes and
squads and after school the teams and captains were chosen from the
list of girls who signed to participate. An elimination tournament de
dided the winning team and a consolation tournament was held for the
losers.
POINT SYSTEM AND AWARDS
Points were awarded to those coming out for activities held in out
of class hours. as follows.
Volley ball- 58 points for entering and 50 points additional to
members of the winning team.
Basketball- 100 points to the basketball team, 50 points for enter
ing the night tournament and 25 points additional to the individuals on
the winning teamfor each game won.
. Ping pong- 50 points for entering, 50 points additional to the win
ner and 25 points additional to the runnercup.
Tumbling- 100 points for entering if they reanaired throughout the
course,
Softball. 50 points for entering, 25 points to the members of the
winning team for each game won.
Foints Awarded for class work.
At the beginning of the year each girl was given 100 points.
Demerits for off color uniform( not white, spoot blouse, shorts, white
socks) for periods of inactivity or an unclean uniform were subtracted*
from the 100 at the end of the year.
Letters were given to high point winners of each grade. Tefelt
pa tches to the winners of the tumbling team and" B* folt patches to the
basketball team.
A sweater to the high point girl of the school.
CHEER LEADERS
The cheer leaders have done a splendid job this year. The girls'
athletic coach Mrs. Elizabeth Brown, has done much to help us in our
yulis. Under her sponsorship, the cheer leaders were able to help keep
the morale of the team up when they were fighting to win the game.
Dur cheerleaders coning from different pueblos and reservations are
Sandia
duo AV2. a
Connie Cata San Juan
Josephine Reyes Laguna
Mary Mirabel Nambe
Mary E. Shij Dulce
Emma Lewis McCartys.
