OUR PRACTICE COITAGE
The practice cottage is located on the south western corner of the
cmmpus and is amde of adove alt had hdve large rooms,
.: Five girls make a family to occupy the cottage under the direction
of Miss terkinson for a given period of time after vhich they change
with another five from the girls' building.
The girls learn the art of home making. They served guest dinners
to school mates and faculty, took turns cooking and other duties of the
home
HOME ECONOMICS
From the studies that have been made it has been found that a very
high percentage of our Indian girsl do into homemaking soon after gradu
ation.
0, r girls are offered coursed in Homemaking from the seventh through
the twelfth grade. Acourse of study hhas been worked out so that each
year the program progesses and is climaxed in the Senior year by actuallt
doing thehhome economics and job experience,
Mps. Mayree Malone acted as hedd of Home Economics for the past 2
years taught social problems and Government for the past 3 years, Home
making to all Freshmen boys for the past 4 years, has taught Child Care
to 10th grade girls- every year she has been toaching. She has sponsored
ti e me Economics club which now has become the Future Home Makets of
America every year she has taught, has been head sponsor of the Senior
Class for the past 3 yea rs.
OUR CARPENTRY SHOP
Wood work is carried on in this department. It includes shop work
relating to carpentry, maintenance of the school. We carry out courses
in carpentry, cement, steel reinforcement, building walls and foundations,
and operations with tools.
The most interesting and helppul parts of this work are: students
get skill in building houses, bridges, scaffolds, concrete work, roof
construction, form constructions, exterior and interior finishing work
and estimating the amount and cost of construction materials. We learn
to use power machinery, protables, and to construct. door ambs, windows
furniture, lay floors, roofing, reading blue prints and sketching.
Special projects which we completed this year were: repainted
roofing on s nior Girls' building; leid floors; repaired windows; built
furniture; made screens for the hospital; built new cym bleachers,; male
kitchen cabinets and work tables,.
M. Spruce, Mr. Lambert, M. Thompson, M. H pkins, and Mr.
Mºntoya are the instructors.
( OUR FARM
On the farm of the Santa Fe Indian School, this question often arises
How much training in' grioulture may a student roseive in this school?
The answer depends largely upon the individual himself, his willingness
to work, to accomplish results, and his interest to know, In many of our
shops where manuel training is taughi, the individual who shows interest,
workmanship, and his skill, works to accomplish things to show his
parants, relatives and friends what he is abel to produce.
w may still wonder just how and where a student gets to practice
some special farm project. An February 1948, the farm received" 200"
