1
Extensive ruins, allt dwellings and other objects of Indian
antiquity are plentiful in the Pueblo country. Most of these ruins,
where excavations for research are being made, are located outside the
Pueblos and Indian lands. This research work is carried on under the
eu spices of either the Now Mexico Museum or the Smithsonian Institute.
There are no Indian fairs conducted upon any of the reservations
although the Pueblos and schools participate in the Indian Fair annually
held at Santa Fe, The celebration consists largely of the fiostas which
are of a semi- religious character and are held at the various pueblos
upon fixed dates. At these fiestas much of the time is given to
ceremonial dances.
As indicated in a forego ing paragraph, the Indians themselves, with
the exception of the Isle tas and Sandia s, utilize all of the tribal or
Pueblo grazing lands.
A very few Ind lans from the Pueblo country, including school boys,
have made excursions to the beet fields of Kansas, and cotton fields of
Arizona, to work during the year just closed. However, the majority of
the Pueblos desiring employment secure same from the railways, either
operating or building in this vicinity. The Santa Fe shops at
Albuquerque, Vins low and Gallup have many Laguna Indians who have been
holding positions for years and are proving as efficient as any of their
white co- laborers. There is plenty of work in the immed ia te vicinity of
the Pueblos to supply the Pueblos constantly with lucrative employment.
POPULATON
There are no business committeos, as gere rally understood, among the
Pueblo Indians. They have, however, a rather efficient committee
organized of their own. This consists of a governor, principales, and
other officials similar to those found in municipal, county and state
organizations. Each governor is practically in control of his pueblo.
Between some of these governo s and the Indian judges have arisen slight
controversies as to jurisdiction, and which requires considerable patience
and tact upon the part of the superintendent to secure harmonious work
between the two of ficials. At the present time conditions are fairly..17
satisfactory in this respect. The Pueblos generally fear that with the
abolisment of their local goverment will pass away their old time customs
and ceremonies wh ich appeal very strongly to them.
-13
