a JUL. 5 19276- 42Annual Report DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORNon- Reservation SchoolUNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICEOMANU.S. Indian SchoolSanta Fe, New MexicoJune 30, 1927The Commissionerof Indian AffairsWashington, D. C.My dear Mr. Commissioner:The general health conditionsat this school duringthe year 1926- 1927 have been very satisfactory.Particularly has this been thecase among the girls. This is accounted for from the fact that no very strenuousduties have been performed by the girls and they have not engaged in rigorousathletics.Tennis, setting up exercises and walks, not hikes, have constitutedthe principal diversions of the girls in the way ofexerciseIn Maroms we had the customary annual epidemio ofinfluenza, not more than two dozen cases in all, but with no serious results,Tn the same month we also had an epidemic of German measles. The capacity ofthe hospital was not sufficient to accommodate the Go odd cases at one time, butdormitories were converted into wards and employees detailed to give them specialattention. Aside from being absent from school for several days, the results ofthe epidemic were minor. In May an epidemic of real measles was visited upon uswhich was handled in the same manner as was the epidemic of German measles,ItOnly very few pupils were sent home during the year onaccount of illness andthese were cases of tuberculosis,and only one of suchcases resulted in death, a girl from Acomita, Nev Mexico. There has been butone death at the school this year, a boy from the pueblo at Picuris. This deathwould not have occurred hadinthe boy not violated the rules of the school.Hewas a frail looking boy when he entered school in the fall, and for this rea sonhe was given very light duties to perform outside of the classroom works.Hedeserted from the school and was exposed to bad weather and almost immediatelyafter being returnedto the sclhool, November 6, 1926, he was sent to the hospitalwith pneumonie.. Not being very strong physically he was unable to bombat thedisease and on November 22, 1926, he died.Trachomatous pupils are on the decrease.Out of a totelenrollment of 557 for the year, the total number of cases of trachoma was 114 withan average number of cases of 18 3/ 5. One case of long standing, that of a Navajo