05.Cir. 2316Annual Report, 1928. Narrative. Eastern Navaho Agency.Industries, Sec. 4.It will be our continued endeavor to encourage theIndians to greater endeavor for increased production withmarked advancement in home conditions, better management of herds,to incur habits of thrift, cleanliness and more steadfast ofpurpose in such things rather than a little spurt here and& Spa smo dic effort there. The members of the Nava ho tribe areproud of this fact, that they are Indias of a great tribe, theyhave ambition to be property owners, with the majority making a realeffort to bet ter them selves in various ways. The greatestbarriers in his path is the bootlegger and superstitious practiceas encouraged by the medicine men of the tribe.In this land of semi- aria conditions his ferming operationmust always be secondary to the live stock inau stry as thereis no way to develope water for irrigation exce pt perhaps at somein the future there may be a reservoir constructed up the SeriJuan River and a high line aitch convey ve ter over some of theallotted lands near Farmington on the mesas south and onto thereservation, and which would be possible to irriga te thousandsof scres of their land and should such a project materializein the future, this will open another avenue to the Indians whowould be fortunate enough to receive an allotment within thisarea.Your Office had the matter of removing and disposing ofthe surplus and usless ponies belonging to the Indians, broughtup twice by Commissioner Hagerman at the two last Council meetsand they have responded nobly in this elimination of a pestand during the past year above 2700 have been disposed of fromthis jurisdiction, they receiving$ 1. to$ 3, per head.Thefinal drive was made during this month and 2,000 of thisnumber were removed within a month. 1,000 head were taken inone he rd and was the largest number I have ever seen in onebunch. There is attached a picture of this herd.Water and range still remains a cause for anxiety, as badyears of drouth, scant rainfall, overcrowding, conttiotte to rangedamage, with no chance to recuperate as there is no surplus rengeanyvin ere. Years ago they were in bet ter circumstances as to rangebut his white neighbor has secured of the range used as surplusand off nece sstty, but as Congress provided a reimbursableAppropiation of$ 1,200,000. for the purchase of la nds, it seemsnow that there is an opoortunity to ac uire so me part of what isin use by the Indians thru lease and a part of what has been lost tohis vh ite neighbor. It is not expected that their herds can begreatly increased even if more range is acquired but we willcontinue to improve, the quality of their herds by better breeding.There is less production of blankets, tho prices haveincreased materially. They have received excllent prices forlambs and wool so la