Section IV-
INDUSTRIES-( Contid.)
become a reality and he produces nothing, though during the favor
able years, he may be able to raise a supply of corn and squash to
last him until the next crop, but this is only during the more
favorable
years. At this time 236,292 acres are being leased from
the railroad companies for the use of the Indians in areas which they
have oocupied for many years at a cost of 2$ to 4 ¢ per acre.
This plan is only a temporary expedient and much of their
range is now overstocked and through the chapter organizations,
we are urging that they cull their herds and plan for their
improvement of what they have; that quality counts more than
quantity, and it is possible to secure greater returns and benefit
from a smaller number of stook through improvement and the
elimination of animals that bring in no returns, The present
season has been rather mild, with but little zero weather, and
li vestook of all classes have wintered unusually well and all
beef and mutton for the school has been purchased directly from
the Indians. All grazing areas now occupied by Indians upon the
Public Domain whether under lease or not are overgrazed. None
of the Indians have milk cows but in the springtime many families
use goat milk, which we are encouraging, and we are urging at the
chapter meetings that as many families as can should secure a
small flock of chickens for egg production. A number of families
now have a few chickens but have no system in planning for egg
production so but little benefit is derived at the present time
from their flocks.
The four stockmen employed at this agency find their time
fully occupied in many capacities. Under our present arrangement
each stockman is expected to attend all community chapter meetings
to assist in organization and direct the efforts of the members
and doing things for community benefit. He also secures inform
ation as to births and deaths which requires considerable time
in their respective districts. They continously inspect sheep
for scabies and during July and August, they have charge of the
dipping operations, co- operating with the representative from the
Bureau of Animal Industry. They assist in securing attendance
of children at school; they assist in the water development pro
gram, some farm extension work as is possible in this semi- arid
country, and adjust differences which may arise from time to time
among the Indians and other special matters which may need atten
tion.
An Indian ceremonial and fair has been conducted at Gallup
for several years past. We have never been interested in the
entertainment features in this ceremonial, but we have had an
-3
