SOUTHERN PUEBLOS AGENCY
Albuquerque, New Mexico
SECTION III
SCHOOLS
( Dictated by Homer L. Morrison, Day School Inspector)
The public schools and the pueblo day schools do not come in
conflict at any point. The only place where we have Indian children
enrolled in a public school within the reservation lands is at
Laguna Pueblo, where a small public school is maintained for the
benefit of the white people and some mixed blood Indian families
living within the district of the Laguna day school. Relations
between this school and the Indian day school are very cordial.
The Day School Inspector has visited this school during the past
year and tuition has been paid by the United States to assist in
the upkeep of the school.
The Indian children of the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction have
ample school facilities, day schools being located in all pueblo
villages except Sandia. These children are required to go to the
Santa Fe Boarding School.
and dood at Sandia are in nood
All schools are in need of better equipment. New schools are
needed at Sandia and Paraje and additional rooms needed at Jemez
and MoCartys. The last two will be built during the coming year.
It will be necessary to establish a position of teacher or assist
ant teacher at Jemez and at McCartys when the new schoolrooms at
these points have been added to the plant.
The graduates of our day schools have all completed the sixth
grade and are taken care of by the Albuquerque and Santa Fe Board
ing Schools. Some of the children who complete the sixth grade in
the day schools attend Mission Boarding Schools located in the
state. The outlook is good and there is an increasing number of
Indian children going to the schools and entering the higher grades.
At the present time it does not appear that any Indian child who
is capable of acquiring a high school eduoation should not receive
it.
There is only one Mission School located within the jurisdict
ion of this agenoy. One Sister in this school is still a Govern
ment employee and receives a salary the same as any other civil
Service worker. The work of the Mission School has been satis
factory. They use the same text books and carry out our course
of study in the same manner that our other schools are doing this.
This Mission School is visited regularly by the Day School Inspecto
the same
The study in the use the other of the
