Ciroular No. 2316
1927
Northern Navajo Agenoy
Park and some find employment in the mines and smelters of Colorado,
A considerable number are employed by the D.& R. G. W. Railway. The
work they like best is ranching, sheep herding, road building, freight
ing or work with pick and shovei. They are not seriously in need of
assistance in finding employment,
None of our pupils are employed under the supervision of Mr.
Dagenett. The school has no large children and our larger boys are
retained at Shiprock throughout the vacation months to work on the
school farm and school garden and to care for the dairy.
POPULATION
There is no business council or committee among these Indians.
However, the Nava jo Tribe as a whole has a tribal council, composed of
twelve primal and twelve alternate delegates. Three of these delegates
and three alternates are elected from the Northern Navajo Jurisdiction,
and these six men are recognized by this office as representing the
Indians of the jurisdiction, hence, are recognized as a tribal business
council. These men without exoeption are reliable, intelligent members
of the tribe and they are a very deci de d assistance in the administration
of the affairs of the jurisdiction, nor do they endeavor to carry
matters in a high handed arbitrary manner but rather do they submit all
questions to the head men of the tribe. Hence, through these delegates
the superintendent finds a means where by he can readily acquaint him
self with the desire of the people of the jurisdiction.
No funds, either annuities or shares of tribal funds have ever been
paid these Indians. A portion of the tribal oil funds was allotted
the jurisdiction last July and this money has been expended in accord
with the express wish of the people. Some of it was used in the pur
chase of wagons, harness, plows and alfalfa seed for sale to Indians
under the reimbursable plan. Some was used to operate the agency saw
mill. Some was used to purchase Hereford bulls.$ 10, 000 was set aside
and turned over to the irrigation authorities for water development on
the jurisdiction. In fact, it has all been well and judiciously ex
pended,
nga
" Some
was
used
to
prigation
authorith
well
and
ju
- 23
