Hon. H. J. Hagerman( Cont.)Tract between 1818 and 1848. As to the territorial statutes the proof of Indian adverse possession, although veryvoluminous, and although so far as I know nothing was leftout that could be found, all was yet loose and incompleteas compared with the degree of adverse possession whichmodern rules require of white men. I think andhope, however, that it is sufficient under some Supreme Court authorities which I adduced, but here, again, it is open tothe court to find either way,Of course, if between 1848 and 1902 the Indiansacquired fee simple title in any of the way above mentioned, the interest of the United States in their land.would immediately attach under the Candelaria doctrine,and the combined title could then be lost only by defendants showing compliance with the Pueblo Lands Act. Although they offered a great mass of evidence showing diatinctly color of title at least as early as 1897, andmaking some proof of interruption of the Indian possessionat various periods both before and after that date, I amsatisfied that they did not prove any distinct connectionin title between themselves and the heirs of the AntonioMartinez Grant under which they claim, while in additionthey completely failed to show adverse possession even ofthe portions of the tract they now occupy, beginning asarly as January 6, 1902.see, therefore, that the case entirelyturns upon whether or not plaintiff has established a fesimple title in the Indians prior to 1902. If, in theJudgment of the court, it has I would expect a decree forplaintiff with at least very insignificant exceptions Ifthe court is not convinced on this point the result mustbe to give the defendants the greater portion of the landthey now occupy on the tract. I venture no prediction whatever as to the result which, however, may be expected withina few daysThe foregoing summary, although far from completewill be sufficient to indicate to you both the unusualnature of this case and its great complexity. The factthat the oral argument consumed five days is some indication of the number of objections raised and the numberof questions arguedVery sincerely yours/ SGD/ George H. FraserSpec. Asst. to Attorney GeneralGHF- MS