Kathy Calabaza/ ladybrave4eva@ yahoo. comwell first of all i would like to thank my parents and especailly my older brothermichael for always being there and pushing me to be a better person. Second i' d liketo thank my friends: jasilyn( coconuts), serina, sabrina, lionel, ashley, deeana, danielle,and others that i failed to mention for always being there for me and making myhigh school year a memorable one. And to the class of 2008 we did it and now letsgo and show the world what we can do!!!!!Victoria Aquino/ sfisbadgirl12@ yahoo. comCongratz Senior Class of 2008. I would like to thank my mom and grandparents forall the help they gave me. I would like to say thanks to my friends Carm, LeaRey,Lewis, and Noreen for all the funny, crazy, wild, unforgetable memories that we had.Kyle and Aileen, your time is come so have fun why you can and keep your heads up.Laterz IM OUT OF HERESelinda Garcia/ sullygarcia8@ hotmail. comAfter 4 years of high school, I' m out!! I wouldlike to thank my family, especially my momin Heaven, for always pushing me to exceed.My friends, Lanell, Adrian, Alanna, Ash, andall those I failed to mention, thanks for allthe awesome memories! Thank you to allthe teachers who' ve helped me along theway. Shout out to 3rd floor girls, you guys areawesome and thanks for a memorable year!way.Lony Fragua/ tisto8@ yahoo. comFirst of all I' ll like to thank my parents, Mom thank you for always being there when I need you, and Dad thanks for the rides up onMonday mornings and the money for off- campus. To Mia, thanks for everything you did to help me out. Also I' d like to thank theJemez breakfast crew, thanks for all the laughs. And my roommates Kurtis William Mora, Steven Joseph Mora, Gregory “ Sa- chum"Valencia thanks for all the crazy times. Also to my right- hand women and partner in crime April thanks for all the laughs. And to thesenior class we are almost there, hope all of you the best. Senior class of 2008 YEAH!Tawni Lovato/ tawnigiggles@ yahoo. comJust wanna say thank you to the whole family! My friends: dre, tiff, thealindz, kupu, krys, bea, marce, i will love u gals. Thanks to the entire SFISfaculty and EVERYONE I met along the way. Well, it' s time for me to flywith the wind along with the class of 2008!!! Peace!!!Alexandria Dasheno/ al_ dirtay@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to say thank you mommy and daddy foreverything love you bunches, to my Honey Kisshes muah loveyou babe and thank you, my daughter Hannah love you baby girl,Amber Sis “ Snags". miss you alot R. I. P. LAST BUT NOT LEAST C/ O 2008CONGRATS!!!Tun- te Chavez/ chavez_ sunshine@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to thank my parents for always being there forme, and all my teachers that help me along the way. Thanks to all myfriends for all are crazy times we had together. I will miss all of you. Tothe under classmen work hard and have fun. C/ O 2008 Baby!!!Virginia Rosetta/ virginiarosetta03@ yahoo. comFirst of all I would like to thank god and my grandmacarmel, and my folks fo being mean and pushing meto finish. Mostly to my sister Veronica. I love you somuch! Thanks for being here for me and you' re moreof a big sister than i am to you. To Joelle and Mel, y' allare like my sisters too, love you both!!! Norma, Miran,Gina, James, Dill, and Amberlyn all i wanna say is y' allbehave and try to graduate. lol.. Renee, Jill, and Mary.THANK YOUSerina Pajarito/ serina_ pajarito 2003@ yahoo. comFINIALLY!!!! Senior year gone by in a flash dang. Firsti would like to thank my family for pushing me tothe fullest, making me do my best and putting upwith me no matter what. Thanks I love you guys!|would also like to thank my friends for all the loveand support. i' ll never forget all those crazy timeswe all shared. Special thanks to my babe... Thanksfor everything!! Muah! Love you. I would also like tothank the dorm staff with out your yelling nothingwould get done, but thanks. Also to the teacherswho have put in so much time to help us with oureducation. Thank you everyone for making my senioryear the best!! Don' t hate for we are the class of2008!!Althea Morning Dove/ altheam_ dove@ yahoo. comWE DID IT!! High School is over its time for college WHOO! I wouldlike to thank all the people who made my 6 years here fun andinteresting. First my teachers thanks you for puttin up with me andencouraging me to excel in my education. My coaches for believingin me and pushing me to the limit. Dorm staff for keeping me in lineand focused on my goals. All the girlies, sweety, my love, linz kkkkk,jellybean, krysy poo, my super best friend, and bumble bee butt.you guys made life here great we have lots of laughs and CrAzYmemories. cant forget my boys, The Crew, Jimz, Bird, Jackson with acapital J, alberto, jess- man, space cadet, robz, the other robz, fat pat,gopher, mike, and fabe. You guys taught me the real meaning offun you guys were like brothers. thanks for lookin out for me. lastlymy family, for encouraging and supporting me through everything.guess thats it..." Live life to the fullest and live each day as it wereyour last. Most important laugh, smile and just have fun, cause youonly live once." BYE! 2008!!!Santa Fe Indian School Class of 2008Sherri Willeto/ vanillasherri@ yahoo. comFinally we' re outta here!! Four years of hard work haspaid off. Anyway I would like to thank my family foralways having my back and always being there forme. My friends you know who you are, i love you. Thnksteachers, especially Sean and Kambeitz thanks for thewords of encouragement and wisdom. Class of 2008take care and take the world by its b* lls... See everyonein the long run....115