1
I
( 9)
1
punishment for his evasion of or breaking of these regulations.
The whole idea of the ruling Hopi women is to effect prompt
marriages of girls at maturity. Everything will be risked to
accomplish this. The Moqui Agency being without facilities for
imprisoning women, the superintendent has been handicapped in
carrying out his policy; but enough of it has been carried out
to produce caution among the Hopi women, and quite close to 700
of their children are being educated in the schools and a number
of those out of school protected through this means.
The moral welfare of the Indians generally, aside from that
form of legislated morality tied to offenses, is in the hands of
very earnest and hard- working missionaries, whose efforts are to
be admired, but whose results are very small. The problem before
the missionary on the Moqui Reservation, with both Navajo and Hopi,
is quite similar to ones taking a contract to remove a mountain
with hand- shovels. Nearly thirty years of indefatigueable work
have yielded 42 converts among the Hopi, and perhaps twenty others
who are not unwilling to listen and accept missionary entertainment.
Very little positive progress has been made among the Navajo, but
there is a little.
Li au o I Traffi o:
The present status of the liquor traffic among the Navajo of
the Moqui jurisdiction is not so bad as it may become, but it is
bad enough for all purposes, and presents a dangerous situation
that is steadily growing worse because no strong sufficient means
to cope with it has been offered.
The Hopi Indians do not use liquors-- and therefore no part of
this report refers to or includes the HOPI.
The peculiar situation is that the State of Arizona, and the
Moqui Reservation lies wholly within Navajo and Coconino Counties
of such State, is bone- dry. Neither white men nor Mexicans
introduce whiskey on the loqui Reservation. The traders are as
anxious to eradicate the evil as is the superintendent and his
employes. The liquor is all procured from New Mexico by the
Navajo Indians themselves. Many of them go 150 miles to get it.
Gallup, New Mexico, is the chief distributing center, and much
of the stuff is relayed back into the Black Mountain country, a
point at least 150 miles from Gallup. It has been discovered that
three and four different relay squads handle the liquor enroute.
Naturally, this situation is of little interest to the State authorities
for Arizona, since the trouble occurs on Federal territory, and the
stuff is procured from an adjacent State. It is no affair of the
Arizona State officials.
The work of the Service for the Suppression of the Liquor Traffic
Among Indians has been largely confined to Gallup and its vicinity.
Judging from the number of arrests and convictions, it would seem
that such work should eventually have its proper effect; but at
