SECTION IV
Narrative Section
Circular No. 2766
Report, 1931
ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT
In the reservation work there is not much to be done
with the exception of the watching of the gas and oil
situation, pro tecting and helping the Indians in this
matter. During last year on account of the low price of
crude oil little has been done but lately there has been
Consi de rable activity shown and it is hoped that we can
get some more wells for the Indians.
In the school work our largest forward step will be
the placing of the sixth grade in school all day, which will
leave but three grades in school three- quarters of a day.
The appointment of a shop instructor who enters on duty
September 1, will materially assist our instruction in
vocational subjects to our boys. This has up to now been
handled by the heads of the departments. With the work under
one who has been trained for this work, the benefit to the
pupils should be more this year than in the past.
Up to this year our pupils ha ve not had a place where
they could have small gatherings and parties of their own.
With the construction of the new home economics building a
room was provided just for this purpose. In this room we
have arranged to have small groups of children hold socials.
The se social gatherings will be held for two purposes: one
is to provide good wholesome contact between the boys and girls,
and the other to teach the pupils the finest social usages
and to fit them to have similar gatherings in their own
future homes.
We have planned to install elective pupil government
in the school building, instead of appointed. It is our
desire to make this student government a practical form of
education and it is hoped that the directed growth will
spread to the outside of the school building as time goes on.
Our Boy Scout lea der visited the Boy Scout institute
held at Flandreau this last summer and we will stress this
more than has been in the past. If possible, a Girl Scout
troop will also be organized.
Our present capacity in the auditorium is limited and
we do not have a good location for our library. With a new
building to be erected and used for auditorium, and the re
modeling of the school building both of these defects will
be remedied.
Pupil labor will be dispensed with entirely in our
