Dear Students,This year has truly been a busy year for all of us, andparticularly, you as students. Please accept oursincere gratitude to all the staff, alumni, parents,tribal leaders, and the students for being engaged incontributing to the Strategic Planning process. TheSenior Class of 2011 needs to be commended fortheir willingness in helping us with the strategicplanning initiatives and providing excellent ideaswhile knowing that they would not reap the benefitsof their efforts. However, in true SFIS family style,they unselfishly continued to provide meaningfulinput because they were convinced that their siblingsand the extended SFIS family would benefit. Thankyou Seniors!!DIANFE INDINTA ASCHThe SFIS family is proud and grateful to all thestudents for this year' s many accomplishments.First, the huge improvements in our MAP scoreswere impressive. As a result, we are cautiouslyoptimistic that we will make AYP this year.Secondly, our SFIS Boys Cross- Country teamsecured the state title two years in a row. Theircoaches, Cameron Stuber and Mike Gorospe,received recognition as Coach of the Year and aninduction into the NM Cross- Country Hall of Fame,respectively. Thirdly, the phenomenal Lady Braves, our SFIS Girls Basketball team, secured impressiveback- to- back state titles. Coach Roybal has been named Coach of the Years two years running as well.What an memorable year for the SFIS family! We cannot minimize the huge support that we receivedfrom our tribal leaders and community member fans.SFISSUPERINTENDENTEVERETT F. CHAVEZAs our seniors depart into the ever- challenging world, we hope that they reflect on what has been taughtto them by their parents, grandparents, and ourselves, namely, the important core values that will sustainthem as they endeavor to find their future roles. There is always the expectation that each of you willleadership roles in the future, but when the time comes, balance your intellectualknowledge and education with decisions that are based on family, tradition, culture, wisdom and thecourage that have been shaped by our ancestors.USDUEnjoy this yearbook and the memories that all of you helped to shape and that will stay with us formany years to come. Our well- wishes and prayers to all our students that have touched our lives!Sincerely,Everett F. Chavez