Section IV
- Industries( Cont'a).
purchasing purebred rams, and they are steadily improving. It is my plan to
purchas, about 250 head of purebred rams this fall for sale to thon. Last
fall about 300 head were sold to them. They are not provided with Amorioan
bred horses, but the majority use the Indian pontes, which are best maited to
their use at the presont time owing to the fast that the Indians will not
properly care for large horses as yet, but they are gradually coming to the
purchase of larger animals.
I purchased 10,000 lbs. of barbed wire this spring and it is all sold now.
The Indians fence their farm land and it is my intention to get a carload of
wire this fall as I have had calls for this amount.
Our greatest need is roads. This country is peculiarly construdted in
that dirt roads are difficult to construct and keep in repair. They work on
the roads and bridges and keep them passable at all times. We do require the
Indians to work on the roads at stated periods without compensation by getting
out and working on the roads and bridges.
Water for stock and irrigation is a great need, but we are developing
springs and wells as rapidly as possible, and this fall it is my intention to
make a drive in this direction, making a survey of all water holes, and develop
ing same for use.
The Indians do not have such improvements on their allotments as I would
like to see, but they are gradually improving them by building better homes, etc.
They usually have their home or hogan, corrals, a small barn, and their vegetable
or corapatch, but as I said before, they are gradually improving.
Stock is increasing in number and improving in quality from year to year.
In fact, the reservation is overstocked now and it will be a problem in a few
years time to have sufficient grazing for the stock. No unusual losses in their
stock were had during the past year. They do not make much preparation for
winter feeding of their sheep flocks; they depend on their grazing entirely.
The outlook for the stock future is good. Their flocks are rapidly improving,
and a a better price will be secured for both the wool and lambs. No stock owned
by other than Ind ians are grazed on the reservation. The Indians utilize all the
land available now and in a few years time will require more grazing lands.
I intend securing good grade bulls and stallions for the use of the Navajos,
which will be of great help to them. They now have some good bulls on the range
but they are not sufficient for their needs.
A small dairy herd has been kept at the Navajo School for a number of years,
but it has been allowed to run down until it was not in good condition. We are
now doing away with it and are replacing the cows with milch goats.
The Navajo Indians do a great deal of blanket weaving and get a good price
for their products. The Indian traders are able to sell all they can get,
and are insisting on the Indians making bkan kets of good grade. In addition to
the blanket weaving the pinon nut crop is a large item of revenue. Some years
13.
