GENERAL COMMENT.
This is an extremely bad year. As I have stated, some of the
Indians have planted at least four times, and then some of those
crops are not yet up. In dry seasons the Indians are unable to over
come the damage done by cutworms. This year is the dryest these Indians
have seen it for many years. We have had no rain since February.
It is a general condition all over this Southwest country. Because
of this condition we will have a shortage of crops, fruit, the
wool crop was lighter than for several years, dipping can not be
started, water is short, stock is in poor health, etc., making
a generally poor year all around.
In such years these Indians try to even up by getting more work
to do. More go off the reservation to work. More work on their own
places. More homes are put up, etc., so the damage done is not so
much, in the end, as it seems.
During this year the arrangement with the Irrigation Service, made
at Crown Point that they were to develop water under the supervision
of the superintendent, as the Indians wanted it developed- has been
carried out with good practical results. Nine springs were worked on,
developed, covered and water ran into reservoirs and troughs. This
development spread over many miles of territory, increased the water
supply over 100 per cent in these springs and made every bit of the
water available for stock and domestic use. The great feature of such
water development, which should have been accomplished many years ago,
is that when a spring or seepage is developed under this plan it
is not dependent upon any mechanical device or the elements, such as
wind, to operate. As long as there is water it runs to be used by the
Indians. Also another important thing about such development is it
spreads out the water to all parts of the reservation, giving the
Indians advantage of all parts for grazing and prevents too much stock
trying to water from one place, or going long distances to water,
If this arrangement is continued till all our springs are so
developed, all over the reservation, the money will be well spent and
there will be the greatest amount of water possible to get. Wells
are all right if one has enough money to spend on them and a white
force to keep them going. When the greatest demand for water is
upon them they are out of commission and it is impossibèe to keep
them all going. I have seen three in one small valley out of
commission in the dryest time of the year, with stock milling about
them, crazy for water. It would take a big force to keep these mills
going all the time. A nice feature, also, about the development of these
springs is the Indian work on them, siven voluntarily, in order to
do their part in getting more water. It cements their interest to
this water proposition in a way both beneficial to them and the Govt.
