chicks. Later they received two more groups totaling the number to
650. These chicks were divided into groups and were cared for by eight
boys who volunteered to do so. Each boy was given a certain percentage
of the chicks to take home
This question was put before a gwoup of Indian boys," Do you like
farm living?" The fa sortty: said that they did, but this will have to
be proved by the boys own interest in his work.
. We have over fifty acres of good farming land on our school farm,
Five to eight acres are used for gardens, sometimes less depending on
the water supply. The crop is planted lato so that vegetables can be
ready for use when the students return to school in the fall. The re
maining land forms a dry land pasture for the hogs and horses depending
on vegetation or any crop that thrives,
STUDENTS' CREED CONTEST
During the school year 1946- 1947 a Students' Creed contest was
held. The prize offered for the winning creed was a pig. At our
awards assembly on Thursday evening, May 13 Albert Ai quero was awarded
a real live pig for the winning creed. The pig has gone home with
Albert. His winning credd is given below.
INDIAN SCHOOL STUDENT' S CREED
I believe in the Indian School and all the things that are there
taught me. I believe in the rules of the school. Especially, do I
believe in the study of English so that I may understand it and speak it
correctly. I believe in my teachers and instructors who guide me as I
learn.
I believe in the Student Council whos members I have helped to
elect. Tey help the teachers, the Frincipal, and the students to keep
our school clean both mentally and physically.
I believe in our agricultural studies, because I shall, probably,
make my living through agriculture. I believe in my own ability to be
a good student. I believe in the care of gavernment property, and see
ing to it that it is not destroyed. I believe in cooperation with my
schocl. I believe in the preparation that is given me for the future.
ALFRED NAYLOR' S HOBBY
You will find a snapshot of Alfred' s hooby in the picture section.
We are giving you his story here.
In the agriculture class, I studied about raising chickens and
pigeons, I started reading some books about raising them which gave me
an interest and made me want to try to put what I was reading into
practice.
Mr. T lachy has a bout one hundred and eleven baýy chicks which he
gave to me sometime in Morch to take care of.
I started out with one, pigeon which I caught in an old silo. I
later caught a few more and now I have a Plock of twenty.
I built the chicken houses and pens in my vocational class in wood
working.
I also made a house for the pigeons which is large enough to hold
all of them. I painted it cream with a black roof.
In the morning before breakfast, I go down to the barn and feed my
chickens and pigeons, I feed them again after supper and pen them up.
It take me about twenty minutes each time. I enjoy my pigeons and chick
ens because I like to do chores after school, I like them too because
they are easy to handle after you get them startede
: I am going to take my pigeons home. I am getting 15% of 200 phick
ens to take hame.
.. 30.
