Section-'- INDUSTRIES( Cont'a)13. Physical conditions in this section are favorabl.for carrying on the daily industry.a( a) A member of our Indians own milk cows, and duringthe past year, soton additional ones were purchased and soldto individuals on the Roimbursabl. Plan. Those people ar. inclined to noglect their cows, and do not seem to realiz. th.importance of proper care and fooding.14. The chiof native industry at this jurisdictionis that of making pottory. To bollove we are wafo in sayingthat the tory best grade of pottery to be found is made at ourPuebloof San Ildefonso. Thoso peoplo make a black pottery whichis not excolled by any other Indians so far as we low, and aready market is bad for it. The people of San Juan, Santa Claraand Tosuque also turn out a very good grade of pottory, andlarge quantities of it ar. sold to tourists brought to theseplaces by the Harvey Detour. No estimate the sales of potteryduring the present fiscal year amounted to approximately$ 35,000.00.15. In many instances returned students are doing verywell, and in other cases, they comparo unfavorably with the olderIndians. This, I believe depends largely upon the individual,16. T. have two Government Farmers in this jurisdiction,one located at Taos, whoro he is supposed to direct the Indiansof the Taos and Picuris Pueblos in farming activities, and theother at Espanola, Now Moxico. The Tarmor at Espanola bas in hisdistrict, the Pueblos of San Juan, Santa Clara, San Ildefonso,Nambo and Tosuque. These employees have practically no otherduties than directing the Indians of their respective districtsin agriculture and stock raising17. These farmers live in quarters rented for them bythe Government. Each Tarmor is furnished a small auto truck,and is otherwise fairly equipped for bis work.( a) The farmor actually goes out in the fieldswith the Indians and helps and directs them inplanting, irrigating and other activities.( b) No agricultural extension work in connectionwith the U. S. Department of Agriculture or theState Agricultural College has been undertakonat thi, jurisdiction.