rule, his wife, Patrocinia Mascarenas de Gurule, Remigio Gurule and Genoveva Barela de Gurule,
his wife, Pedro Joseph and Felicitas Joseph, his wife, Rev. Peter Kuppers, Antonio Lopez and
Genara Lopez, his wife, Camila Lopez, Hilario Lopez, Juan Antonio Lopez and wife( name unknown)
Leonides Lopez and Viviana Romero de Lopez, his wife, Lino Lopez and Juanita Lopez, his wife,
Nicanor Lopez and Maria Maximiana Roybal de Lopez, his wife, Urbano Lopez and Viviana Martinez
de Lopez, his wife, Florian Lovato and Bernardita L. Lovato, is wife, Juan P. Lovato, Jose de
Gracia Lucero, Abenicio Martinez and Juanita M. Martinez, his wife
, Apolonio Martinez, Dionicio
Martinez, Felix Mart ez and Evicia Martinez, his
wife, Jacobo Martinez and Teofila P. Martinez,
is wife, Leonardo
Martinez and Doloritas M. Martinez, his wife, Max G. Martinez and Juanita G.
Martinez, his wife, Maximiano Martinez and Bernardita Martinez, his wife, Narciso Martinez, Paula
Baca de Martinez, Pedro A. Martinez and wife( name unknown Timoteo Martinez and Agripina
Gurule de Martinez, his wife, Damacio Mascarenas and wife( name unknowm), Eduardo Mascarenas
and Antonia M. Mascarenas, his wife, Pablo Mascarenas and Juanita Mascarenas, his wife, Tomas
M. Mascarenas and Placida Mascarenas, is wife, Delfino Medina and Eduvigen G. Medina, his wife,
Demetrio Medina and wife name unknown), Perfecto Medina a Margarita Pacheco le Medina,
his wife, Ramon Medina and Petra S. Mes is wife, Serapio Medina and Delfina Medina, his
wife, Teofilo Me la, Mot tain States Telephone& Telegraph Company, a corporation, Antonio Ol
guin and Anita Mascarenas de Olguin, his wife, Tobias Olgui and Veronis Fernandez de Olguin, his
wife, Alfredo Ortega and Eufemia Ortega, his wife, Bonifacio Ortega and Cipriana C. le Ortega,
his wife, W iam B. Ortega a Rayos L. Ortega, his wife, Alfonso Ortiz d Vero ica Ortiz, his
wife, Benito Ortiz and Maclo ia Lopez de Ortiz, is wife, Felix Ortiz and Domicinda M. Ortiz, his
wife, Fermin L. Pa eco and Virginia Vasquez le Pacheco, is wife, Frank Pacheco, Genoveva R.
Pacheco, Moises Pacheco and Sofia Gurule de Pacheco, his
wife, Maximiana Fresquez de Padilla
and Mel ton Padilla, her husband Jose Quintana, Julio Rodarte and Margarita L le Rodarte,
wife, Abel Romero and Bernardita M. Romero, is wife, Agapito Romero and Petra Sanchez de
ife, Abelino Romero and Francisquita Cordova de Romero, hi
is wife, Antonio Romero,
Benito A. Romero and Rafael
ta L. Romero, his wife, Genoveva Griego de Romero and Juan Manuel
Romero,
ler husband, Higinio Romero and Lucrecia Romero, his wife, Jacobo
Romero and Auror
M. Romero, his wife, Juan A. Romero and Maria Inez de Romero, his wife, Lucas Romero and Tere.
sita L. Romero, his wife, Margarito Romero and Elvira A. Romero, his wife,
Max Romero and Bern
ardita G.
Romero, his wife, Serafin Romero, Elizardo Roybal and Sara D. de Roybal
is wife, Fran.
cisco Roybal, Ninfa M. Sanchez, Virginia Sanchez, Fidel Sandoval and Rebeca A. Sandoval, his
wife, Ramon Sandoval, Abraham Smith, Tito Trujillo, Jose Benito Valdez and Maria S. Valdez, his
wife, Juat le Jesus Valdez and Fidelina Barela de Valdez
is wife, Valen aldez and Virginia
M. de Valdez, is wife, Felix Vasquez, Ramon Vasquez and wife( name unknown), Veronica Vasquez,
Antonio Vigil and Maria de la Luz Romero de Vigil, his wife, Delfino Vigil and Irenea R. Vigil, his
wife Eufemio Vigil and Cleofas M. Vigil, his wife, Lazaro Vigil and Maria de la Luz Vigil, his
wife, Rafael D. Vigil ind Sara Vigil, his wife, and thereupon plaintiff avers
That is action is brought by the direction and under the aut ority of the Attorney Gen
er of he United States and in pursuance of the requirements of the Act of Congress of June
1924, ent An Act to quiet title to lands within Pueblo Indian Land Grants, and for other pur.
poses.
That sai lefendants, as plaintiff is
informed and believes, are ci izens of the United States
and of e State of New Mexico
, and residents of Taos County in said state, except that the Moun.
tain States Telephone& Telegraph Company is a corporation of the State of Colorado doing bust
ress in the State of New Mexico and elsewhere,
3. That the grounds upon which the Court' s jurisdiction depends are, that the United States
is plaintiff herein, and that this suit is authorized and directed in and by said Act of June 7, 1924.
4. That the Pueblo of Picuris is
a community of Pueblo
Indians in said Taos County, New
Mexico; that the Indians inhabiting and comprising said Pueblo at all
times mentioned herein have
been and now are tribal Indians, and at all times since the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo have bee
and now are wards of this plaintiff, non sui juris,
and incompetent to manage their own affairs; that
this suit is brought by plaintiff on behalf of said Pueblo and the Indians thereof in its capacity as
guardian of said Indians and their lands and possessions.
