1
1
0
Commissioner
- 7.
development
. At Taos which has been mentioned
before
as one of the most backward
of our pueblos, the old regime
is still in power and, the boys and girls whor return from
our schools
find it necessary
to don Indian
garb and return
to the
praotice
of Indian oustoms
in order to love peaoably
with
their people. Not all of them, however, are willing to
do this, and I am advised that more and more of them
are throwing off the yoke which the old Indians desire to
impose upon them. In this Pueblo, marriage
is still manipulated
in a large measure by the old Pueblo counoil. Young people
are sometimes required to marry and sometimes do so whether
or not such marrieage is acceptable
to their taste. The
Pueblo Government
there also goes so far as to levy a license
on those of their number who go out to work among the
surrounding
whites. There is something
to be said, however,
in favor of this latter oustom, as it is not altogether
uniike
our system, in vogue in some places, of licensing certain
occupations.
There are no mission or contract schools under
my jurisdiction
. Many of the children, however, es peotally
from Tesuque and Nambe, attend St. Catherine's School.( A
Catholic Institution
in Santa Fe.) I think the children who
attend this school get training that is on a par whth that which
is imparted by our schools.
The morality of the Indian community will compare
very favorably with the morality of the surrounding neighbors
of the same average grade of intelligence and, while they are
not as progressive as we would like, yet, I believe, they are
not retrograding
. Praotically all of the children of school
age in all of the pueblos under this jurisdiction were in
attendance in some school last year, excepting the children
heretofore mentioned at the Tags pueblo.
I do not know that there are any incorrigible
pupils
on our rolls. The condition of the returned students is fairly
good. No partioular efforts have been made in the past,
far as I can ascertain, to assist them as returned students,
and I have been too busy during the past year getting this
jurisdiction under way to give them very much attention.
In academic work, we carry our sohool pupijo through
the third grade and then transfer them to the Santa School
( boarding) at Santa Fe, though, in the past, some children
have gone to Santa Fe, who, I believe, were under age and under
głade. I shall endeavor to stop this practice in future, ex
sept, perhaps, in cases where some particular elements make it
seem advisable to make such transfers.
During the past year Assistant Supervisor Coon
has been Acting Day School Inspector and he has been very
active in endeavoring to get our course of study carried out
