ANNUAL REPORT? 1922.
Page 1
NARRATIVE
.
Pueblo Bonito.
The need for additional quarters
is already know
to the office and further comment would only be a repetition
of the reccommendations
made last year. Married employees
who are confined to one or two rooms, with one to 3 children
can hardly feel satisfied to be cooped up to the detriment
of health and the work of the school and agency. Make
omployees comfortable and their surroundings pleasant and you will
get better results in every way.
At least another Stockman position should be established
and stationed in the Pueblo Alto country or on the Torreones,
as the distance is 50 to 75 miles from agency they feel somewhat
neglected for some localities cannot be visited by self or
stoclamen more than once a year and with persoanl contact
much good can result particularly in relieving the water
situation in the construction
of reservoirs or where water is
shallow community wells are being dug and walled up, what has
been done really is only a mere beginning
.
With the progpect thet a large part of our former range
trouble will be relieved in the division
of the range, it
will with the drilling of artesian wells in the most favorable
places and control of range the Indians should make greater
stride in the improvement
of his live stock.
The Indians have been called together to consider the
discontinuance
of so many dances, which are very common
after the rainy seas on begins, from July on and the
sentiment seems to favor this plan particularly
for economic
reasons. The Navaho likes to have prestige among his people
and when any family give a Ya be chi or other medicine dance
it may cost him most of his herd of sheep and total several
hundred dollars for the Indians come from far and near to attend
these functions and perhaps take part. Usually it takes
a week or more to prepare for a dance and are of 3 days duration.
If our head men
use
their influence we hope to see a less
number of dances than heretofor.
It might be of interest to the Office to know that owing
to the large territory over which the public à omnein Indians live
it is hard to give administrative
attention to all phases of
the work and in order to secure cooperation in school attendance
stock improvement
and water developement
and other things
that
bear on the welfare and progress of the Indians I have had
a number of representative
head men elected from various
localities
as leaders and assistants to the Superintendent
and
have found most of these men
eager to accomplish, and seem
proud of the position to which they have been appointed.
Comission
is given him with his photograph
in glassed frame
for hanging up in his home and if for any reason he is not
faithful
to the trust imposed his Commission
is taken away
from him. So far but 2 men have been relieved
. I am urging
