- 2-clean. They are cleansed daily, all manure removed at once,and conveyed to some placed on the farm to be used as fertilizer. The new dairy will be a welcome addition to the school.It is located apart a sufficient distance from the schooland is a model of its kind.Each child in this school takes a bath at least oncea week. One day a week is designated as" Ba th day", andon that day each pupil must report to the assistant matronfor a complete change of clothing to be put on after the bath.However, the bath are open continuously and my child may asfrequently as desired, and many take advantage of thisprivilege. older and more educated pupils have reaped agreat benefit from their teachings in personal hygiene. Theshower baths at the gymnasium are great demand by both boysand girls.During the school year the physician has endeavoredat regular intervals to follow out a given program of ingtructions in physiology, anatomy, sanitation and hygienein general, along the lines given in the new course of study.Most pupils showed a desire to augment their knowledge ofthese subjects already acquired in the classroom.es..ththisviafever, inlast1 BoerdofdenceoftypeontentniemateThe water supply at the school is adequate and suitable for drinking and domestic purposes. It is pumped fromtwo wells, approximately75 geet deep, into two wooden tanksfrom whence it is conducted through pipes to the variousbuildings and cottages. The water has not been submittedto the state Board of Health this year for examination becausethere has been no evidence of typhoid fever, or such likediseases, and thus we have been contant with last year' spronouncementof the Board in regard to the water. However,if the least suspicion in regard to the purity of the watershould arise, we shall immediately submit a sample to theBoard. The sewage system handles the waste rather well.The outlet is in the Chippewa River, three- quarters of a milefrom the school.Careful watch is kept over the pupils at all times.Each and every employee has been instructed to notice theleast untoward symptom that they may observe in a child, andat once send such child to the hospital. If diagnosis canbe made, at once,. appropriate treatment is instituted at once.But if the case ’ is* Obscure the patientis kept under constantobservationuntil positive diagnosiscan be made. In ouropinion this has resulted in avoiding many a case of sicknesswhich might have turned out seriously.