raise good miles and botter horses. By pursuing this plan the numberof horses on the range will be gradually cut down. The Indians havebeen encouraged to kill as many of their worthless ponies as they canuse for meat.Purebred rams and Hereford bulls will be supplied for the upbreeding of Navajo sheep and cattle. Quite a large number of Indianshave purchased lumber from the agency sawmill and have paid for it byhauling lumber to the agency. Some have already started building housesand it is planned if funds are available to secure the services of acompetent building man to assist them in planning and building moreI believe with a little encouragement that at least most of theHnglish speaking Navajos can be induced to build suitable permanenthomes for themselves,homes.Owing to low prices, blanket weaving has dropped off to aconsiderable extent but the traders and others are putting on quite anextensive advertising campaign and it is felt that a market can befound for these blankets at a price that will induce the women to weavebetter blankets and probably more of them. It is believed that withthe proper publicity a steady market can be found for all the goodblankets these women can weave, Difficulty has been experienced duringthe past two years in selling Navajo- made silverware. This industryis of minor importance, but some of the Nava jos do excellent handworkand the traders feel if they can sell all of the silverware that isnow being sold as Navajo work, that they can give employment to a considerable number and add materially to the income of the reservation,A blacksmith shop is being built at Sanostee, which will beoperated by Navajo workmen. If this proves profitable, other shopswill be built on other parts of the reservation.B. Welfare and social conditions,There is little hope that prices of wool and lambs will bemuch higher for some time to come. It will, therefore, be necessaryduring this season to encourage the Indians to raise, store and preserve everything possible in the way of food for next winter. This willapply as well to forage and grain for their stock. We believe that bycommunity cooperation this will be possible.This reservation should have at least two more farmers towork with the Indians at Denehotso and in the Fruitland- KirtlandDistricts.It is our plan to improve housing conditions as much as ispossible by building more suitable houses and getting those who remainin hogans to put windows and doors in them. When it is possible to doso, a carpenter should be furnished to help these people on the reservation with their building. Very often they get material to build ahouse and through inexperience and lack of tools, much of the materialis wasted and the result is not at all satisfactory. It is the plan toencourage the Indians who build houses to also build outside toilets.They will also be encouraged to procure for themselves some of themost essential household conveniences,