TEQUA YOPage 13Mr. Alvin Warren( director), Tony Garcia, Mrs. Louise Jordan, Jim Coriz, Esquipola Coriz, Joe Medina, David Appa,Ben Wright, Vincent Matt.THE ORCHESTRAIn 1930 the Santa Fe Indian School Orchestra was organized under the direction of Mr.A. Warren. Primarily it served to improve the social life of the students. Later it branchedout to the concert and other phases of music. Our roster of members includes most of theupper classes:Piano.. Mrs. L. Jordan Alto Saxophone..Mr. A. WarrenFirst Cornet......... Vincent Matt Tenor Saxophone..... James R. CorizSecond Cornet..... Ben Wright Clarinet....... Tony GarciaTrombone............ David Appa Tuba................... Joe MedinaDrums.......................... Edward Lee, Esquipola CorizTHE SCHOOL LIBRARYThe school library and reading room which tion based upon the life of our American Inopened in the fall in the academic building hasdians can seldom be found on the shelves, forbeen in active use since the first. Besides itsthese books are usually checked out within afew minutes after their return to the library.very popular use as a reading room over 9, 000Many pupils who had seldom or never beenbooks and magazines have been checked out byin a library before are frequent visitors to thispupils and employees.one. They spend a few minutes each day lookIn this library there are approximately 1850 ing over the newspapers and magazines beforebooks, of which nearly 200 are reference. One school begins. Many of them often preparedaily newspaper comes regularly and others are their lessons in the library during school hours.donated. Numerous magazines are taken byStudent assistants in the library this yearthe school and a large number of very popular have been: Robert Thompson, Paul Tsosie, Anones are donated by people on the campus. drew Lewis, Domingo Trujillo, Juan B. Medina,The most popular books are those dealing and Thomas Castellano. The teachers in chargewith Indian life, legends, and histories. Fic- are Miss Seibert and Miss Baltz.