The farmer and stock- man have quarters at the Agency. They
work at large on the Reservation. The Agency is centraliy lo
cated, distances in either direction from the Agency are not
too great to interfer with this plan. They are weli equipped
for this work.
In instructing the Indians the farmer and stock- inan go to
the Indian homes and teached them to do by doing.
( a) Agricultural extention work during the year has been
principally along the lines of improved methods of irrigation
and the forening of boys_ add girls clubs at the schools, and
chapter works among the Indians of the Reservation. Various
di versions of the streams has been completed by the Indians
under the direction of the farmer at the Nutria Pueblo in the
northeastern part of the Reservation, this enables them to take
the water from the Nutria reservoir and distribute it on their
cultivated fields. This structure has all appearances of be
ing permanent, as it has withstood several severe floods. It
will add materially to the acreage cultivated in this district
and in the increased production of the farms in this vicinity.
The U. S. Department of Agriculture through the State Agricultur
al School and County Agent has rendered valuable aid in the
organization of boys and girls club work and demonstration of
the care of farm animals.
I have no suggestions to make as to any crops or enter
prises to be introduced on the Reservation.
Market and trade facilities open to the Indians are good,
as there are licensed traders on the Reservation and others in
the vicinity, just outside of the Reservation,
( a) Dealings of traders with the Indians are generally
fair, this cannot very well be otherwise do to ai fair degree
of competition,
A Saal17 portable saw raill is in operation on the Reser
vation, this is the property of the Government. It is lo
cated at the Agency. Indians bring logs that are sawed up
into lumber by the Agency employees, assisted by the Indians
and a small toll is taken. In this way the Indians provide
themselves with considerable lumber for use about their homes.
On and adjacent to the Reservation there are a number
of prehistoric ruins, these are Inđi an ruins rich in antiques,
With Departroental permission sorme excavation has been done at
the old ruins of Hawakoo, where Caronado first found the Zuni
Indians.
- 14
