UNITED STATES OF AMERICA29tioned, 40 years ago, of e average and cul ivated oruncultivated within the area under ditch in the Rio Grande Val.ley, not more than$ 25 anacre.Q. Then your$ 25 an acre valuation includes some improvements in the land 40 yearsago?A. Yes. Icannot understand how anybody can answersatisfactorily these detailed questions as tomatters thatgointo the dim and distant past. The duty of the Board was toarrive at as nearly as possible an approximate figure of valuations in the midst of a situation which was filled with confusion andwhere there was very little definite direesmony to be had.Q. I am not criticisingyou at all. I appreciate very keenly the difficulties the Board had and myquestions are notframed ina critical way of the Board at all. I would like tobe clear as to thissimple question:The$ 25 per acre basicvaluation as of 50years ago, did include some improvementsin the land?A. Yes; agricultural land. And there was no agriculturalland to speak of in the Rio Grande Valley except land thatis accessible to water.Q. If the$ 25 valuation includes improvementsin the land40 years ago then in your reduction in this case from thefigure$ 226 000 to$ 86, 000 because of improvements in theland, you have again deducted for improvement in the landA. No, I think you misunderstand me. I stated, or attempted to state, that in arriving at a general basis for figuring values that we had arrived at the conclusion that ingeneral 40 years ago a basic valuation of$ 25 was justifiableeven including land that hadbeen improved. That is not inany wayinconsistent with the view I have frequently expressed that in our opinion most of the lands in the Puebloswhen they passed from the Indians to the non- Indians werenot in any way improved, but most of them were raw, whichmakes it all the more evident that the basic value of$ 25 anaere for those lands at that time was, as we regarded it,more than liberal.Q. Is it not true, Governor Hagerman, that all the landswhich are now raw lands and valued in this tabulation at lossthan$ 35 an acre were raw launds 40 or 50 years agotA. Weli I don' t know that they ail were. I think that