receiving our most careful attention. The outlook for
the future of stock raising among the Indians is good
although it is necessary that the Indians depend less
upon livestock raising as a means of livelihood, and
turn to farming and gardening. The Indians utilize all
of their range lands. Conditions on this reservation are
not favorable for the dairy industry. The Indians derive
a considerable revenue from the sale of Navajo rugs. During
the year the price of wool has been such that much of the
Wool which otherwise would have been sold has been put into
rugs and it is feared that this condition will congest
the rug market to a certain extent but it is not believed
that this condition will exist over a very long period of
time.
The time of the stockmen who are employed on this
reservation is spent in encouraging the Indians with their
livestock, supervising the dipping of the sheep and so forth.
Their services in this manner are very valuable to the
Indians. There are no agency farm positions under this
jurisdiction and this is a matter which should receive very
serious consideration. Two farmer positions should be
established as he retofore stated in order that the Indians
may be encouraged to farm such land as is available and thus
produce for themselves a large portion of their living.
The Indians require encouragement rather than instruction
in farming although with the plan which we now have in mind,
which is to introduce new ve getables, there is no doubt but
that some instruction with regard to the care. and planting
of such ve ge tables will be required.
So far as I have knowledge the dealings of the
licensed traders has been fair in all respects. Our traders
are very helpful to the Indians and to this office through
their co- operation and desire to render any assistance
possible. Up to the present time no fairs have been held
on this reservation. It is believed that such a celebration
should be instituted and this matter will receive serious
consideration, and if it is at all feasible an exhibit will
be arranged at the County and State fairs.
A considerable amount of employment has been provided
for the Indians locally during the year and it is quite
probable that there will be even more employment during the
coming year. This employment has been with teams and scrapers
in the construction of dikes, roads and so forth and it is
such employment that the Indians prefer. The Indians require
assistance in finding outside employment and it is strongly
recommended that an employment agent be stationed for work
in the Northern part of Arizona so that assistance can be
given the Indians of the reserv tion lying within that
part of the State.
- 3-
