.U0Page 6.ANNUAL REPORT. 1926.NARRATIVE.PUEBLO BONITOINDUSTRIES.SEC. 4.The following has received special attention formany years past.Improvement of sheep, thru the elimination of inferiorrams replaced by purebreá Rambouillot, better managementas to herds and use of range. Water supply is always&subjectfot anxiety and during long dry periods in some localitiesthe situation becomes serious.Perhaps the battle industry of this jurisdiction is abovethat of other jurisdictionsof the Navaho country, due tothe purchase of good Hereford Bulls and as many of their battleoccupied the publio domain with the white cattle men they havehad the use of good bulls to their advantage. Poor bullsof their own raising have been eliminated by our stookmenand the non- indian stockmen would not permit an interiorbull to be on the range and these were castrated on sight.There is a surplus of ponies but there is no marketfor this class of stock but the Indians desire to dispose ofthem when opportunity offers. This problem was reoentlypresented to the Nava ho Connoil, held at Fort Defiance,by Commissioner Hagerman and Indians present seemed to bein accord and perhaps it will be possible for the Officeto give& 881stance in getting some canning firm or otherpeople in disposing of a large number in some way and replacewith sheep. With oil royalty funds more wells should bedrilled, lakes and reservoirs improved, land purchased anaused as reimbursable in purchase of sheep for deservingIndians.The present year is the banner year for early range dueto unexpected rainfall, livestock of all classes in goodcondition. Farming is limited and methods used by Hopisseem to bring best results, their crops are mainly born,& quash and on the divide potatoes but this crop is uncertaintho to present time this year the season is favorable for agood crop and if such is the case we may be able to get ourentire supply of potatoes direct from the Indians.Many families spent much time picking pinion nuts, Septemberto March and most of the time thru the winter months asthere was but ibttle snow in the pinion country. These nutsare small about the side of a pea. The burrs open at frosttime they sbatter out and fall to ground, Indian sweet upnute dirt and all throw in a pile, then winow them outand screen some families gathering as much as$ 100. in a weektho this much above whai the average family would pick.The Indians of this jurtsdictionbought more than 100 wagonsand paid for name from pinion nut sales and from sale ofwether lambs, they bought good clothes, they lived well, somebought sheep. Some bought autos.