MILITARY TRAINING
Eleventh Grade students Think About It.
I am for a military training program. I am sure there is nothing
beoter that our president can do to keep our country strong at all
times. Every American citizen want to serve the countyy he loves. He
wants to fight against communism and do his part to help the poverty
taking place all over the world. The young citizen at the age of 18
should see the workd for himself and be ready to do his part to help
brige peace to all nations. There is nothing wrong in training our
boys to maintain our forces. This is for peace sakk and not for war.
Willie Smith
Compulsory military training to me is right in some ways and in
others it is not. We should have a standing military force ready
at all times, just in case things should get on the heated side but
we must also think og the education of the American boy. You might
get education in the forces but it would not be as good as that in
school.
People are saying that there is a greater need for people of good
education and if we took off at least a year for military training that
would set us back that much in school.
Billy Timeche
I think that efery 18 year old boy should be in the service at
least one year, His education will not be interrupted. This peace time
training is a lot better than in war time because during the war they
just run you through the training but in peace. time we do not have the
rush. By keeping young men in training and keeping up to date modern
equipment we will have a guarantee of peace if we all do our part to
help make the peace.
A Veteran.." Wesley Nash.
CIRIACO TOYA REPORTS ON 12- 2 ENGLISH
At the beginning of the school year our English teacher, helped us
with drill exercises in corrective English in class and vocabulary for
our home work, our class liked these exercises and we tried to learn
good English usage. We also studied ühe book, Literature and Liefe in
England.
We found at the beginning Literature was anglo- S xon, Cełt, and
Norman. About November when we were almost through the first chapter of
our Literature, we let the drill exercises go and started to write
summaries, also Author' s Biographies.
In our study of plays, we read, The Tragedy of Macbeth" by William
Shakespeare;" The Ugly Duckling" by A' A' M11ne: A Night At An Inn" by
Lord Dunsany and Cavalcade. Each one took a part in a play and we enjoy
ed them. We also read a novel which was very interesting. We all know
that Literature is good material and many good, intelligent people write
it.
In potebooks, we copied various kinds of poems, sonnets, lyrics, and
prose from our literature book. We also copied tables and interesting
dates on literature.
On week ends, eadh person in the class wrote new items about things
happening on week ends. We closed our class work by handing in 150 to
200 poems each.
I am sure the class learned some thing about literature,
27.
