Hopi 26.
traders tell me also that they have hard work to get
rid of the blankets they purchase. The prices on this
reserve have held up so far, despite this, and the
traders are in hopes they will get their money out of
these blankets later. One trader has about$ 35,000
now tied up in blankets he has still in stock here.
So far as I can get figures and actual names of
students now in school off this reserve I find that we
have 614 away to school, 352 Hopis and 262 Navajos.
We had in school on the reserve last fiscal year 433
students-- 130 Navajos and 303 Hopis. Next year, or
this fiscal year, we will have considerable more
both attending outside schools and on the reserve.
That the Office may see the condition of the Day
School plants and have some idea od the buildings,
surroundings, etc., I am submitting a photographic
report of each. Next year I will add to this report such
a report on the Navajo School piant here. These
photographs do not show the new water systems at Chimop
ovy and Hotevilla schools.
There has been some discussion on the outside and
among different people of making boundary lines on
this reserve, giving the Hopi certain lands or a
particular portion of the reserve, and the Navajo
the other portions. This matter I have reported on and
my advice is to not do anything like that till there
is actual strife among these people and then only after
the interests of both tribes be carefully looked into
by a disinterested committee. It would be a bad thing to
attempt now, for thereis really no friction between
the two tribes over land and the Hopi is doing very
well in getting farther away from the Mesa each year.
What trouble we have had is but the usual disagreements
over stock damage to crops, family troubles, etc. These
troubles occur as much within the tribes as between the
tribes and for the number of people on this reserve
it is remarkable they get along so evenly and so
nicely. There is very little fighting, bickering and
quarrelling. We settle all these smali troubles very
plesantly and definitely and the members of both
tribes have no complaints, so far as I can see.
One of the biggest improvements this reservation
has ever gotten is in the new telephone connections
between it and the railroad, this line between Hopi
