Section N------- INDUSTRIES.( Cont' a).
Among the se Indians individual effort toward
farmi ng is not lacking. The lands are not allotted.
They arrange among themselves as to land to be used and
go ahead and cultivate the same as it was allotted.
A11 the Zuni Indians are self- supporting.
Some years ago the Indians were provided with farm
implements by use of the reimbursable plan, to a consid
erable extent. of recent years they have been securing
these articles independent of the Government. They
generally care wel1" for the farming equipment. They
Have paid for it with their own funds and know it' s value.
( a)
As above stated, it was necessary some years
ago to provide the Indians with livestock and im
plements, to a considerable extent, through the re
imbur Babie plan. They were very much benefited there.
by. It helped them to get on their feet.
( b) The Indian
The Indians have, many of them, very good
work teams. Others have fair to good teams. Many
have purchased or grown their own work hor ses.
There is a large amount of fencing on the reser
vetion. Most of this has been provided by the Indians,
individually. There is a great need for a fence on the
reservation boundry to prevent trespass by outsiders
Some fairly good road is to be found on the reser
vation, None that could be designated as good. A con
siderable expenditure is necessary to put the main- trav
eled roads in condition,
Indians annually do considerable road work of their
Own. initiative. There_ are long stretches of road far
from any habitation. To put the se in shape it will be
necessary to pay Indians, irregular labor. Where they
have to go considerable distances from horne and camp
supplies must be purchased for subsistence of men and
teams. They can not purchase the Be without compensation,
Water resources on the reservation are used to the
fullest extent. Springs are developed. Streams are diver
ted. Tanks are constructed. This work is all done by
the Indians. The Zuni dam, the main storage for irregation
should be raised to insure future supply of water needed.
8.
- 10
