1
-6
Sec. 4 Industries
An attempt was made during the past year to
determine to what extent the Indians could depend upon
their agricultural allotments for th edr living. In
the fall of 1912 a good many Indians vere induced to
try fall plowing with the pr amise of furnishing them
seed in the early spring so that it could be put into
the ground early and thus insure a crop, previous years
having shown that spring plowing and late seeding vere
ineffectual
. Un ar tunately, however, the spring and
summer of 1913 have been exceptionally dry, and the
crope in this vicinity have been an almost total fail.
we. It is thus seen that farming can not be de
ponded upon for a living for these Indians; and, if
it could be, their agricultwal allotments are so
small that nothing but the bar e nocessities of lito
for
a
few months of the year could be raised. They
therefore hare to de pend largely upon the timber op
erations for a living. Some forty- five have been en
gaged during the year, from time to time, in hewing
ties, and from twenty to twenty- five others have been
employed at the sawmill in cutting logs, hauling tios
and lumber, and work in the mill. I should judge that
approxima tely ten thousand dollars has been earned by
the Indians in this manner.
Some of these, and many others, have received
in the ageng ate about six thous and dollars from the
lease of their allotments
for short terms in the spring
of the yoar, for lambing and grazing sheep. This is
and increase of two thousand dollars or more over that
obtained for leases during the previous year.
In the latter part of the year 1912 the agency
Vas furnished with a great many implements, such as
plows, barrows, harness, etc., and there were on hand
at the agency seven toen or eighteen vagons. During the
past year the Indians have purchased these supplies, and
paid for Same, either in cash or part cash and part labor;
and they are now well equipped with tools, whereby they
can now ga in profitable employment.
The first payment from tribal funds that was
Over divided pro rata among the tribe was made in Teb
ruary, 1913, 65100 being distributed from the fund" In
dian Moneys, Proceeds of Labor, Jicarilla Indians," and
