0 S C
Oom. Indian Affairs-- page 3
boys wi th the exception of printing, masonary and mechanical drawing
Through the Veterans' Bureau, I received 120 sets of drawing instru
nents, T BEuares, tables, etc., but through lack of some one compet
ent to give this instruction, no use has been made of the instruments
If it is the plan to make the instruction in all the departments as
practicable as possible, not many of the men in the departments are
instructors and for this reason a shop instructor would be able to
better organize the instruction in the industrial departments
The equipment of the plant is not very good. The black
Smi th, carpenter shoe, tailor and plumbing shops is not what it should
be, but maeh better than last year; and with the purchase of what is
planned for these shops, there will be a decided improvement
The personnel of the employee force is a decided improv.
ment over that of a year ago. A number of the new teachers are col
lege or normal graduates and their training was reflected in the acti
vities of the school. The teachers who did not attend summer school
last summer are in attendance this year. Others who attended last
summer and who are working for degrees are also in attendance this
Bummer
Very cordial relations exist between the school and the
public school authoritie Our teachers are always extended a special
invitation to attend lectures by prominent educators who come to Santa
Fe and to educational gatherings and conferences. The work of the
school is well adopted to meet the needs of the Indians in so far as
the course extends. Pupil® completing the 9th grade can not be ex
pected to complete with those completing the full high school course
A large percent of the Santa Fe pupils continue in school after comp
leting the course here. A good start in the right direction and a
desire to make something of themselves is about all we can expect to
give them.
I have observed no indication whatever toward interming
ling of the races
Total expenditures for the fiscal year just closed were
about the same as for the year previous
There is practically no playground equipment at the
school. Some supervision is given. The boys engage in all the games
common to schools under the direction of the disciplinarian and his
assistant. The girls play tennis, some baseball, basket ball, and
have calisthenics in the class rooms and setting up exercises
There has been a decided improvement in the water situation
