Annual Report, 1931
Section 2------ Industries
- 5-
1
.
We are following here the so- called" Five Year Program" and
along with this, are endeavoring to secure a larger acreage of
winter wheat which has proven most profitable
here. We are
also stressing the raising of garden products in order that
the diet of the Zunis may be more diversified. Hot beds on
the different
districts have been introduced and every effort
made to have the Indians raise small grain, Corn and alfalfa
as well as small gardens.
2. At the Day School a garden of several acres is raised each
year; while at the Sanatorium we have about twenty acres of
truck farm and seventy acres of alfalfa.
( a) The Blackrock reservoir has silted to such an extent that
but little can be done below this project upon the irrigated
farms except to keep the alfalfa alive that is growing there.
Upon the outlying districts and where dry farming is used, the
Indians are making use of better methods than in the past and
especially among the younger members of the tribe, they are
handling their farms with implements
other than the hoe-- which
was formerly the only one used by them.
( b) Because of the grasshopper plague, the past season was an
exceptionally
poor one. Machines for fighting the grasshop
pers were made for the Indians' use, and poison bait was pre
pared and issued to them, but because of their superstition
that to destroy this plague would mean that a worse one would
be sent upon them, but few made any use of the remedies fur
nished. However, the success of those who did successfully
fight this plague will mean that a greater number will avail
themselves
of these opportunities
should this plague recur
during the coming season.
( e) We have an experimental
orchard at the Day School and as
noted above, are making every effort to introduce winter wheat
and garden products not formerly raised by the Zunis.
( a) Note answer to" b"
( e) The past year, because of the small production, all crops
were disposed of locally to the Indian traders. The marketing
situation, because of the distance from the railroad, is quite
serious here when a large crop is produced. Efforts are made
when an over production of alfalfa occurs to have the old ewes
