1ZXZNZNZXZNZ.A Brief Summaryin Sportsfor the Year 1930- 31Coach J. E. Jones and his first string football boys closed their season withsix victories, three losses, and one tie.Kinsey Yazza with his second string of Redmen closed their season witi18 victories and 2 losses.Coach Sam M. Johnson and his Papooses finished the season with 22 wins.1 loss, and 1 tie.The basketball season ended with 18 wins for the Indians and 7 losses.The wrestling and boxing teams of the school were unable to get muciioutside competition so most of the matches were just among the boys whoturned out for the teams. The only matches that were available were individualmatches and most of these matches were won by the Indians. The teams defeatedSt. Mary' s in the only match with another school..In the track and field meets, the Menaul school was the first to go downbefore the Indians in a dual meet which was held in Apirl. The Indians placedabout the eighth in the State High School meet, May 1 and 2. AlbuquerqueIndians won the Triangular Meet held at the Indian School Field May 9 with:Santa Fe Indians, and Ft. Wingate Indians; Albuquerque Indians, 85 points;Santa Fe Indians, 33 points, and Ft. Wingate Indians, 9 points. The DualMeet between Albuquerque Indian School Junior High and Washington JuniorHigh was won by the Indians; Albuquerque Indians, 951/ 2, Washington JuniorHigh, 6512. The Indian School Junior High won the Rio Grande Junior Highmeet May 8. Albuquerque Indians, 56 points; Lincoln Junior High, 50/ 2 points;Washington Junior High 461/ 2 points, and Menaul Junior High 291/ 2 points.The Indian School was also represented in the marble tournament thisSpring. Boys from the fifth to the ninth grades competed for the school championship. The following boys were champions of their respective grades:George Smith, fifth grade; Albert Kindeley, sixth grade; Carlos Jiron, seventhgrade; Frank Lucero, eighth grade; and Harold Poncho, ninth grade. Theseboys competed for the school championship and Harold Poncho was acclaimedchampion of the school. Harold lost in the county tournament held May 9.