- 2-
Section III,( continued).
In order to provide
the amount of water necessary continual
pumping must be done and the principal
at the Day School cannot
be expected
to do this work. This engineer
could give attention
to the distribution
of water as well as attending
to the necessary
work around the school.
The school plant, as stated under law and order, with re
ference to the agency buildings at the Sanatarium School is in
need of additional
quarters for employees and one more building
which will provide an assembley
and recitation
rooms for the
school. At the Day School, we shall be very nicely equipped
when the employees
' quarters
now being constructed
are completed.
The school farm at the Sanatarium School is adequate for our
needs. At the Day School, a considerable garden has been put
in and it is planned on sowing enough alfalfa to provide
for a
small herd of milch goats for use at the school.
Our schools, both Missions, Day and Boarding do not have
graduates as a transfer is made above the fifth grade to non
reservation schools. However, the returned students from the
non- reservation schools are very helpful in the general work
of the agency and among the older people of the tribe. Their
influence with more modern methods is felt among the older
Indians and is the hope for the future in the correction of a
number of things toward which we are working for the good of
these Indians.
The Mission schools on the reservation are doing good work
and are very helpful in the influence exerted among, not only
the children of the tribe, but among the older Indians as well.
The se Indians are as moral and progressive as the average.
In fact, I believe they are more progressive than any Indians
of the Southwest. They take a pride in their homes and while
sanitary conditions are not of the best, uncleanliness
and
filth is the exception instead of the rule among these Indians.
If there are any Żuni pupils of school age, who are physi
cally able to attend school, who are not in school, it is not
known to this office. At the present time we have no incorri
gible pupils out of school, with the exception of one boy who
is serving a term in the State penitentiary. This boy is shown
on our roals as being 17 years of age, but in the court when he
was tried, he not only gave an assumed name, but gave his age
as past 18 and was sent to the penitentiary instead of the re
form school. As this boy has served a term in the reformatory
before, seemingly without results, no effort has been made by
this office to secure his release.
Returned students on the reservation are making good in
nearly every case. A special effort is made to secure their
cooperation in our Farm Chapter work and other helpful nature work
on the reservation. This help is gladly given and the returned
student is proving, in nearly every case, to be a most valuable
citizen.
- 2-
