300
1- 1 enclose herewith for your guidance in the future prepam
of OLlicial ppers, s emple," Monthly Report of Schools,- Quarterly R
of Schools, and Vaucher- Abstract" F".
2- I would C- 11 your attention to that ernan the sa povas
are submitted to this orries they should be complete în svery partier
1 ar, and all blank spas 83 should be propertitsd as shevn on sample
papers.
Sm- The Pueblo and Jicarilla Agency has been abolished, and the seh
schools under the jurisdiction of the Superintendent of the Santa e
Boarding school, are known as" The Santa Pe Day Schools."
tan- lonthly and quarterly school reports should be dated as the
last day of the month qand quarter, no matter what day or the week 11
may be,
5-- Day School Teachers are paid at the rate of$ 72, 00 per monts&
not$ 720. 00 per annum. The number of days you are on duty duri ng tte
quarter, will be the numer of days for which you are entitled to receive
pay.
6... Articles borne on our property return and accompanying papers
must be arranged alphabetically and in accordance with the list Cut-
shed by this orriee.
7- m The Indian office under of October 28xid states that" The vague
and indefinite explanation given by Te as hers of the Santa". Day Sesook
as to manner of expenditure of ateiles dropped, is onttely Krakk
unsatisfactory. The use of the words' used at, in, or by so hool' s atest
as specifie ex anatic or property, as though it were stated used os
genoy." The dispositaan mate of each article must be stated on the sou
cher.))
8-- Crookery, Glas swara, ete. may be dropped whenº Doo badly Russex
broken to be identified by a ho Ard of survey". Also text books used in
schools may be dropped when worn out and worthless".
9-- When maicing your expnditures you should be careful to exarodne
the property list, and see that the articles are properly expended, Yesu
will find," Cups tea; not" Teacpps"--* 0{ karo sene" not" Kore Sbne oil.
* Brushes seruħ" not" Srub brushes", etc., etc.,
10.- grasures, alterations or inter). Insations are not alloweit on
kacket official papers.
11-- Day School Teachers are Axo ected to have a supply of blanks on
hand at all times. This of rice has no means of knoeing when a teacher
is inneed of blank s. A failure to submit reports promptly" Becausa no
blanks are sent" is no excuse whatever as blanks may be obtained at any
time, and yourare expected to call for them before boy are actua! 1y need
od.
12-- A separate list mut de kept of the Modicha property Turnished.
your school and you should submit a list at the end of each quarter
showing the amount used and the balance on hand.
13-- The total from the Ahstract of issues of subsistance, Foren “ 5
317" should not be carried to Vougher to Abstract" p",
very respectruit.
