Musio Report
IT ogrona Levels B- 2, C, and D- 2,
Progross Lovel B- 2 had had one year of nnaio and Level, I and
D- £, had each and two years of muolo, bat since their abilities were
maoh the same their maso was along the gamoontllat,
i. Roto songs
songs of we children's laterest and ability were learnod, Thes.
inoluded songa of hono, -school, play, and othor bongo correlating
with the hono room unit, the songs loerned, 10st yoat woro rovlowed
and aung often for ploanure and on joyment.
the owing of monotones wag oontimod through these lonls. Of
those three groups thao wore iz who wero aot oured at the end of
the tour. One of tkoue was due to detective bearing. wo others
have been monotonog sinoe that have been going to school. Contioned
careful attention might belp to oare them bat it will take time,
About ninety percent oi the pupils of these groups can hear their
tones as well as sing their tonos correctly.
Each of these groups hade number on the closing Program. They
all sang vory well with good head tones and they bionded their
voired with all the others in the group.
About fifty nga gonga were learned in each ot those aroupa. These
laoludod ono otansa of" AmeriCR".
LA Lovol D- 2@ fons book containing the songs correlating with
a Nature Unit in their home room was made for onch ah 11d.
II. Rhythnio Developmont
., Rhythm Band
2. jinging Genoa
6. Folk Danoo:
a, Dramatisations
a. Mo children derived much ea jo yaont as well as benefited from
playing the drums, ayrabalan tolls and other instrurents. They
Learned to zoop t1ne in playing to music written in four- beat,
thro.beat, and two- bent measure, they also learned to watch
their leador 30 that they now when to play. Although their
rhytha is not perfect, they showed an improvecht over last year,
b. The children an joyed playing ainging games and folk dancea, Thos
helped them to hear and Interpret what the musio said,
3insins games and folk dances:
1. Rig 1818
2. Jump Jim Cror
3. Looby L00
alokory Diokory Dook
5. Wo'11 All clap Hands together
6. How Diyon do my partaor
