Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION I
LAW AND ORDER
This Agency is located in an eight room brick dwelling at
the corner of Second and New York Avenue, the office being on
the lower floor and the Superintendent' s quarters on the second
floor. It has yard space for garages and a warehouse and is
sufficient for the purpose for which it is used. There is no
room at the present time in the Federal Building and we do not
believe it advisable to transfer this office to the proposed
new Federal Building for the reason that we would still have
to lease garages and a warehouse, which we have at the present
time.
There is a sufficiency of agency employees for the needs
of this Agency
We are experiencing serious difficulty in maintaining proper
order on the reservations of this jurisdiction for the reason
that there is no legal machinery available to handle any cases
except the seven specified crimes in addition to the Prohibition
Act. At one time there was established at this Agency a Court
of Indian Offenses with four Indian Judges, and while this was
not entirely satisfactory it was much better than nothing at
all, which is the case at the present time. We have endeavored
to overcome this by having the Governors of each pueblo act as
chief law officer and Judge, and in cases of serious offenses
we have approved sentences given by the Governors and placed the
guilty persons in the County jail at Government expense. This
has not proven satisfactory due to the fact that at some of the
trials held by the Governors we have reason to believe that all
witnėsses were not given an opportunity to be heard and for that
reason have withdrawn our offer of placing the Governors' prisoners
in the County jail at Government expense. This forces the whole
matter into the hands of the Governor and is creating such a state
of unrest that serious trouble may develop at any time. The matter
of improving these conditions has been given serious consideration
and there is now a Bill before Congress called the Simms Bill,
which is intended as a remedy for present conditions. This Bill,
in principle, seems to cover the situation rather thoroughly, but
there are a few minor details which should be more definitely
explained. There has been considerable opposition developed to
this Bill on the part of the Indians and some outside influences,
and I urgently recomend that when this Bill comes up for hearing
next Fall that an effort be made to secure a delegation of Indians,
both for and against this Bill, to appear before the Committee
and give them their ideas relative to it. As the matter stands
