17-5attributable to intrusives, which are exposed at differentpoints along the range. The Chuske moun ta ins immediatelysouth of the Carrizos, are capped by sedimen taries of theEocone(?).The structures in the San Juan basin are of the anticlinal- dome type, more so perhaps than most of the RockyMountain structures in Wyoming and Colorado, which are morenearly true anticlined with long axes.All of the four exploratory structures, which weresold at the Santa Fe sale, have the Mancos shale exposed onthe surface and in three cases,- on the Tocito, Rattlesnakeand Beautiful Moun ta in structures, the Tocito sands tone, aprominent sandstone within the Mancos, is exposed. The Hogback structure is also capped by the Tocito sandstone. Thesurface formation on the Table Mesa structure is 500 feetstratigraphically above the Tocito sandstone. This sandstoneis buff to gray in color, cross bedded and about 50 feet inthickness, although in the Table Mesa well 145 feet of itwas encountered. Where sufficient mantle or overburden ispresent, the Tocito sandstone carries water.In the welljust mentioned a good 1500 barrel flow of fresh veter wasencountered in this sandstone.In the writer's opinion, although not based uponpaleontologic evidence, the Tocito sandstone is equivalentto the Shannon sandstone of Wyoming. A sandy shale and impure,buff sandstone horizon, which outcrops 16 miles west of Shiprock about 300 or 400 feet above the Dakota sandstone, isbelieved to be the equivalent of the Wall Creek sands. Thishorizon is very fossiliferous and contains some concretions.Accura te correlation of those horizons will of course dependupon more detailed work,In the drilling of the wells on the exploratory structures, the objective sand has been considered the Dakota,inasmuch as this horizon carries oil in the Hogback field andon the Rattlensake structure. The Department of the Interiorincluded a clause in the lease which makes necessary thedrilling of a well to a minimum depth of 3,000 feet. At thetime the lease requirements were announced there was considerable adverse criticism relative to such a 3,000 feot requirement and many geologists have been insistent that nothingbelow the Dakota, which is encountered at a pproxima tely 800feet, was worth while. Therefore, a 3,000 foot hole was awaste of money, because the next possible productive horizonis the Pennsylvanian at approximately 5,000 feet.