15- Hopiassistants in good homes. The fiela matrons and principals ofthe day schools all work together on this matter and have madea very fine showing in this respect. There should be a regularlyestablished employment agency on this reservation for all thiswork, It would be a very fine thing for these Indians. If thiscould be done many more boys and girls could be placed. At onetime we had a labor agent for this reservation, and he hadwonderfullsuccess in placing not only the returned students butall other Indians needing outside work. The work wes practicallyself- supporting except for paying the salary of the agent employed.As the grazing areas get smaller, more of these Indians will haveto go off the reservation to get work.It would be very fine and a big help to these Indiansif both a man and a woman could be employed here who would donothing else but attend to getting places for these Indians whoneed to get off the reservation into reimnerative positions. Thefares of the Indians would pay the upkeep of this work exceptingthe salaries.Every year we place several hundred men at McNary andFlagstaff in the sawmills. This is A very big help to theseIndians. They get very good wages at this work and sometimes stayat it for several years at a time. Other bunches work on thehighways, building roads. The Navajos are fine teamsters andshovel men. The Hopis prefer to do work in shops along therailroads and in stores. We have several hundred now employed inthat kind of work. Our matrons place returned students, bothboys and girls, and have had fine success, but they do this onlyin connection with their other duties, thus having no chance toplace all as they return from school, or at the phsycologicaland important period in their lives.Mr. Hagerman called a stock meeting at Winslow thisyear, at which the white stock- men of the adjacent counties werepresent. Mutual probleris were talked over and an agreementreached which will materially improve the feeling and co- operationbetween the Indians and the white stock owners, As a result ofthis meeting our Indians are now engaged in branding all theircattle with the Hopi Reservation brand- I. D. H. This willprevent successful stealing by both whites and Indians and alsoduplication of brands, which, under this agreement, have to befiled as of record in the office of the State Livestock SanitaryBoard, Phoenix.