2.
On Maroh 28 a meeting of all personnel was called by the Com
missioner at the Central Agency. At this meeting the promotion of Mr. C. E.
Faris to Special Representative of the Commissioner and the appointment of
Mr. E. R. Fryer as General Superintendent of the Navajo was announced. At
this meeting too, the Commissioner suggested" The Navajo Servico" as a name
for the consolidated departments.
Early in April the land management division was born. This divi
sion consolidated all activities of both services whose work is related di
rectly to land, into one wit under one direoting head. Mr. W. G. MoGinnies,
Associate District Director of the Soil Conservation Service became Director
of Land Management. Under Mr. McGinnies as Assistant Directors were placed
Mr. Harry Nettleton in charge of administration of all land management ac
tivities such as: Extension, Range Management, Forestry, etc., and Mr. Arthur
Fife as Assistant Director in charge of engineering activities as, E.C.W.,
Irrigation and Soil Conservation Service engineering.
Immediately after the formation of the land management division
it became evident that there was need for the consolidation of the activi
ties of relief, social security and employment. It became evident too, that
a base wage scale must be established in order to eliminate competition by
engineering divisions for laborers. Therefore, relief and employment ao
tivities were combined with Mr. L. H. Hoffman as Director. As a result of
this merger which has enabled us to cross- check relief records with employ •
ment, it has been possible to reduce relief issuances by 200 families.
In May, in accordance with the regulations of the Secretary of
the Interior signed November 5, 1935, a tentative division of the Reserva
tion into eighteen land management districts was made. While these districts
are small in comparison with the entire Reservation they in themselves con
stitute areas of considerable size. There are only five jurisdictions in
the Indian Service which are as large or larger than an average land manage
ment district. The boundaries of these districts were determined, insofar
as possible, by the physiography of the country. However, it was also neces
sary to consider historic range use, as that established by the chapter
system. In the final determination of tentative boundary lines both of
these elements were given consideration and a workable balance used. Ideal
ly, district boundaries would have been determined by drainage systems but
this was impractical.
During June, a school for men proposed as district supervisors was
held at Mexican Springs. In this school were enrolled twenty- five of our
outstanding men who have had a wide range of experience in practical problems
and considerable experience with problems relating specifically to the Navajo.
These men were given concentrated instruction in the more technical phases of
land management and Indian Administration. At the end of this training period,
or July 1st, eighteen of these men were chosen as district supervisors. Each
man was then assigned to that district for which his particular ability and
personality seemed best adapted. The division of the Reservation into dis
tricts, which was necessary in order to work out a simple and intelligent land
use administration, eliminates entirely the old jurisdiction boundaries.
