1
( 16)
1
Of these 127 different personalities, 25 have been faithful
to the work, averaging 44 years each. The remaining 102
employes have averaged 1-1/ 12 years each.
Therefore one year and one month is for all practical
purposes the greatest length of time that the Moqui Supt.
may expect service from an appointee. It takes half this
time to work the Dakota theories out of them.
Added to these facts, there are from three to twenty
vacancies facing the superintendent at all times. At this
writing( November 1st, 1917) there are 16 vacancies in a
list of 62 School and Agency positions( of which eight are
Agency positions vacant), or 25.8 per cent.
And yet a Superintendent is expected to satisfy the Indian
Office by having his work thoroughly up- to- date and all
reports filed, and all pigeon- holes filled.
The work of the
eight absent Agency employes is to be done by whom?
The School positions vacant simply delay education, and
efficiency is not obtained at the schools.
School
3:
The Moqui Boarding School, at Keams Canon, Arizona
is closed awaiting a decision as to whether the buildings will
be torn down, etc. See previous Annual reports. See the
last inspection report concerning this matter, made by
Chief Supervisor of Schools, Oscar H. Lipps. This was the
sixth report in the matter. Enough money has been spent in
these six reports to have reconstructed a large part of the
old Moqui plant.
There remain on the Moqui Reservation FIVE Hopi Day Schools,
sometimes spoken of as the largest day schools in the Service.
Total capacity 379, total enrollment 412, average attendance
388.18, as per 1917 monthly and quarterly reports. 183 Popi
pupils have been transferred to non- reservation schools.
Therefore 575 of the Hopi are in school at some point or other.
The total Hopi school population, given on page 9 of the
Statistical Section, and supported by the Hopi census, 18 587.
of the 183 transferred pupils, 80 were sent since June 30.
There are 20 defectives and 10 not in school because of early
marriage, reducing this available school population to 557.
Therefore 18 of those attend ing non- reservation schools are
above the school age of eighteen years, census computation
having been based on persons between 6 and 18.
It would seem that all the available Hopi between 6 and 18
save defectives and early married are in school.
It is estimated that between 450 and 600 children of the
Navajo who reside on the Moqui Reservation are of school age,
and should be in school to preclude their growing up barbarians.
There are no school facilities on the reservation for these
