VITAL STATISTICS: For the determination of health rend among any
Peoplo, raonsbly vital statisties must be avail
able. These emprise the following:
Fopulation figures, according to age, wax, and donieillary
distribution.
Birth rate, including live and still birtha.
Deeth rate, General, trasll cases, and specifio donth
rates for sech of the more important dinenses.
Tatant mortality.
Fone of these essential taata ary Inow about the waye Jo Tribe with
• degros of acourney required for admission into the Wegistration Area
in the toited States.* sasume that the population is on the increas.,
but the annual or five your rate is not known. We knew there is a great
deal of tuberculoois buat sesording to ritel statistics atenderás we do not
know the spoestie rate of either rortellty er morbicity. We are told the
infant mortality is very higis, but the sumber er enths por thousand live
births is not known. There is no complete registration of births or
desths. It is impossible to eaepare the Meie je ribs with mortality and
morbidity orando in the population el mothere in this country where were
aseurate vital statistioa ay 11abla. Most of the births and donths
oceur without the knowledge of our phyaiciona and nurses.
The renson tor this is that most of the medical and nursing personnel
18 stationary, operating most of the tire within the four walls of a hos
pite).* captions are that percentage of the route due to alls coming in
to the kiospital to the servs$ 1.2 mesyonas to which physicians, nurses
or ladies i isprutor- dritare oke den 1111nry tette. However, the stam
total of these f'leld activities do not play a large part in the statistical
total or birth and death.
with the bavaje xen divided into etchtoon asetxiets the prospeet
looks week ove kopalul l'ex xosuring batter Tote of birth and death.
The Astriet supervisor w12) have more securate records than eve now
available of the population in 1is distriot. Ames the retaries of
the State Boards of Health of new mexico and Arizons have expressed their
willingness to appoint whoRevor we night designete** registrars for the
state in vital atatiaties, it may be adrianble to have stri.et Super
Visors serve in this capacity. Their rooorda of births and deaths might
be sent to Navajo Agency office and totala ereh month for sending to the
reapestivo state oft lees concerned.whare hospitals lle in district there
should be tull collaboration between pystatans, nurans and district super
HALINA ABSTS: Biologieslly, the Navejos come from good stock. They com
pare most favorably with other facial groups I have seen
in saia, the islands of the Fairie, parts of Furope, the Near Yast, and
Afrien. If the Navajos were living at the present te in an environment,
- sanitany, econonieal, educational, natural resources, water supply,
whieh obtains elsewhere in this countw, I believe the averega expeetation
of life sa birth among them would be longer in years than now obtains in
that more favorably located part of the population. Hereditary diseases
8
