9
o
Law and Order( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
granted. There must be some legal authority back of the Super
intendent to force proper and legal marriage ceremonies among
these Indians. If the best home conditions are to be obtained
we must have legal marriage and divorce among these Indians.
And such marriage and divorce laws must be enforced among both
Nava Jos and Hopis.
( b). The field matrons have been a wonderful help in
assisting towards the proper observance of the marriage laws.
( 0). I am deputized by the State and county to issue
marriage licenses to Indians and whites of the reservation.
Also through the authority of the State laws I am authorized
to perform marriage ceremonies for such people living on this
reservation.
I
If the State laws were extended to govern the Indians of
this reservation they would be adequate to meet the situation.
Federal legislation as suggested in the last Congress would
also meet the situation. Because these Indians will ultimate
ly have to be amalgamated with the white citizenship of this
State, I believe it to be best for the State laws to govern
such conditions. There are many other reasons why the State
laws should govern these Indians in these matters.
On account of having two tribes to deal with and to handle
on this reservation, and owing to the fact that we do not have
& sufficient number of head men in either court, it is impos
sible to have a legal court of Indian offenses among the Hopis.
We do have such a court among the Nava jos. Major crimes com
mitted against the Federal statutes are handled by arrest and
appearance before the commissioner in Holbrook, then& trial
and sentence by& State court in Prescott or Phoenix. This
Agency has a general council or meeting of Nava jos once a
month and all Navajo bases some before that council, which is
composed of judges, police, head men, delegates, and chief.
These cases are very nicely handled by these members of this
sounoil. If we had a white chief of police of course it would
greatly facilitate the handling of these cases and better re
sults could be obtained. I wish to state here that the Nava jos
are very nice to work with in this respeot and that the better
class is assisting me in every way toward better law and order
enforcement on this reservation. We have a very nice, helpful
bunch of Navajo Indians as judges, delegates, chiefs, eto.
