Schools- 3What has been accomplished during the past year which,to some extent at least, has been more satisfactory than theaccomplishmentsof the year preceding? This is a hardquestion But perhaps I can best answer it by relatingthe case of one pupil. She failed of promotion from GradeVII at the close of the regular session in early JuneHerteacher thought she had a chance to make her promotionby remaining for the four weeks" summer school.' So wekept her on. after the lapse of about ten days, theteachers in charge of the summer school stated to me thatthe girl could not make her promotion either in fourweeks or four months. So I called the girl in and told herthere was no use for her to stay here any longer, that Iwas going to send her up to her village home for the restof the summer. She demurred and said she wanted to remain during all of the summer session that she did notwant to repeat Grade VII next year, but that she wantedevery possible chance to get into the graduating classnext fall She carried her point and dug into her workduring the remainder of the summer session with suchenergy that we decided to let her try Grade VIII nextfall It was not so very long ago that no Indian pupilcared a straw whether he( or she) made a promotionor not. This girl' s case is not unique. Several ofmy Grade VII boys misbehaved last January and were absentfrom school for a time without leave. I told them Iwas going to withhold promotion( in case they earned it)unless they remained at school into the vacation periodlong enough to make up the lost time. I rather expectedthat they are their parents would give me the laugh Buton the contrary they took it seriously And they stayedon and made up their time- and were all duly promotedWhen boys and girls feel that way about making their promotion into the graduating class, there is some hope.Good use is being made of what little playgroundapparatus we have. All competitive playground activitesare carefully supervised Non- competitive activisesare only partially supervised. Pupils are given calisthenicsand setting- up exercises from 1 to three times a day, asa rule. But I like to leave an appreciable margin of timefor free and spontaneous play. Too much supervisionis as bad as not enough.