The Indians of this jurisdiction make no intoxicating bev
erage preparations of any kind.
No Peyote or Mesca. 1s introduced or used on the Reserva
tion.
The se Indians do not want the se drugs.
( a) No white people in this vicinity have taken up with
the use of Peyote.
The Indians of this jurisdiction do no purchase and use
extracts or proprietary medicines as beverages,
It is thought that wek State and Federal. legislation, 11
80 shaped as to make all. State and County officials Deputy Federal
Prohibition officere it would result in handling the liquor situ
ation mentioned more effectively.
State and National prohibition have worked for a number of
years past as a great blessing to Indians. In the past year or two
since the local manufacturers and distributers of boot- leg: liquor
has considerable increased it has caused some feeling of uneasdnes8S
concerning the welfare of Navajoes of this jurisdiction in this re
spect. The Zaunies are not addicted to drinking, therefore are not
much in need of the protection of prohibition.
Fhe se Indians have never used drugs to any noticable extent.
Prohibition has not in any way affected the use of drugs.
No Indians or others on the Reservation are en Energed in
making intoxicating" drinks of any kind for home consumption or other
wise.
The provision of law making it an offence to have liquor in
their possession on the Reservation has a very desireable effect on
such 8. 8 may have designed on the Indians from the view point of the
11quor traffic.. It also prevents white residents on the Reservation
from setting a bad exampe.
För small1 stakes of money the Indians of this Reservation
practice gambling to some extent by use of what is called the" Stick:
Game". They bounce the sticks on a flat stone and the way they fall.
determines the count of the game. This les considered a rather in
nocent game add has been permited. It perhaps takes the place of
more flagrant gambling, were it suppressed. On rare occassions
gambling for money, with cards, is observed, in such cases the of
fenders are punished.
The question of the franchise of the Indians was taken upp
in the local courts during the past year. It has been the general
sentiment, that Indians not tax payers, are not qualified to vote.
The decision of the local court was that Indians of the state are
- 3
