1
( 15)
outfit of students, acting as mechanics! apprentices( carpenters,
painters, plasterers, stone- masons, eto) to attend to the
thousand and one small details of repair that arise to confront
one. And so the close of this school affected and has retarded
many of the superintendent's plans and policies for the benefit
of the reservation Indians generally, some of which had been
working- out to a successful conclusion. Moreover, the Indians
prefer that their children be educated" on the reservation,"
and while it would seem to be carping criticism, the fact remains
that experience here shows the reservation boarding school boy
and girl to be( generally speaking) more of a polite and efficient
success" on the reservationì than his over- polished non- reserva
tion school brother. This is sad, but TRUE.
In the autumn of 1917, Supervisor 0. H. Lipps visited this
reservation for the sole purpose of examining into the school
situation and the making of a report for its general betterment.
Accompanied by the superintendent, he visited the day schools,
examined the old Boarding School plant, and even journeyed to
places on the reserve where Navajo schools might be maintained.
He felt that the old buildings of the closed boarding school
should be promptly razed in order that material might be salved;
and that instead of attempting to maintain in Keams Canon, where
the water supply is somewhat limited, a boarding school of average
size, one of a capacity of sixty for GIRLS only should be built.
This would once aga in place the super intendent in position to
protect those who are married too early( or as the superintendent
calls it" Prostituted by their parents for the purpose of defeating
the general school system).
Supervisor Lipps considered the needs of the Moqui Day Schools,
and recommended that the super intendent submit plans for eight
buildings, as follows:
For the Polacca Day School:( 5) Schoolhouse
;
Shop- building;
Laundry
;
Principal's Quarters;
Teachers Quarters.
For the Second Mesa Day School:( 1) Shop Building;
For the. Oraibi Day School:( 1) Schoolhouse
;
For the Hotevilla- Bacabi Day School:( 1) combina tion
schoolhouse and shop.
In addition to this he recommended that effort be made to rocure
& water- system for the Polacca Day School, that is-- a pipe- line
system from a well drilled in the First Mesa Wash.
