Es lebih0LAYD.DEPARTIENT OF THE INTERIORw combo office of Indian Affairs wees niWashington35 34- ST 3: Gió Ở VỀ C.... Poh ToetitoFREDA9. April 24, 1923.erThe HonorableSOLDThe Secretary of the Interior,Dear Mr. Secretary:*. dit most inte20 dari 15Reference is made to the leasing sütutation on that part of theNavajo Treaty Reservation in New Mexico 69The lfid- We st Refining Company under an approved oil and gas mining:lease brought in a well producing a very high grade of oil. The lease ofthe Mid- West Company is located in the eastern part of the Navajo TreatyReservation and many applications have been filed for leases in the neigh,borhood. Some applications have also be on filed on other structures at adistance from the producing tell. Two leases covering lands located approximately 25 miles from the Mid- We et vell we re authorized by a council of theIndians under the San Juan superintendency and have been pending for sometime.167Under the present regulations applicants have been negotiatingdirect with the Indian council for a lease of the land desired. In theinterest of better administration of leasing affairs on the Na vajo Reserva-,tion, it is believed that a change should be made in that respect. It istherefore recommended that the following plan for the leasing of lands foroil and gas mining purposes be adopted:where there.On structures where there is no lease the Secretary of the Interiormay in his discretsons under such terms and conditions, as he may prescribein each particular case, grant a lease for any number of acre's not exceeding4,800, without advertisement, on condition that the lessee shall proceed atonce to develop the leased tract in order to ascertain whether there is paying production. Pending the result of the development on that lease noother leases will be let on that particular structure. In all other casesleases will be let on a competitive basis at public auction in tracts of notto exceed 640 acres each for a cash bonus in addition to the royalty onproduction. Any one person,' firm, or corporation will be permitted to bidin and hold, under separate leases, any number of tracts up to 4,800 acres.On the Hogback structure where the Mid- West well is located alternate tractscovering the entire structure will be ad vertised at the first sale, and the.remaining tracts reserved for a later date when drillingoperations shall Ahave determined whether there is oil or gas in paying quantities. Beforeany leases are granted or tract ad vertiged for lease the matter will bepresented to the tribal council for consideration whether they are willingto pass a resolution authorizing the Interior Department to lease" the landunder the plan outlined above, the leases to be signed on behalf of the tribeby the Commissioner to the Na vajo tribe. All applications for initial leaseson other areas than the Hogback dome shall be made to the Commissioner tothe Na vajo tri be who shall transmit the same with his recommendations to theSecretary of the Interior,