Lands,( Cont'a)
( 3) In the past two years, eight community houses have been con
structed, most of them arranged with kitchen and supply room. Two others
are nearing completion and it will be our endeavor to further the con
struction to these houses whenever it is possible for our Department to
provide funds for purchase of materials, the Indians doing the work gratis.
The houses now constructed are a credit to any community, either Indian
or white. To date we have twenty organizations and membership of all other
units urging continually for funds for materials for other houses in which
to hold their meetings and for the use of physicians, nurses, and other
workers in the Field.
To me it appears as one of the most important things that has ever
been done as they have worked together in building reservoirs, more than
one hundred miles of road, and a few good hames have also been built, and
with acquisition of lands now occupied, many more homes will be con
structed of two, three, or four rooms.
( 4) Dry fam operations are very much hampered owing to the fact
that Indians have no plows, wagons, and hand tools with which to plant and
care for their crops and are unable to purchase same as last year they had
no market for their sheep and lambs and to date there is no prospective
market for sale of this year's wether lambs, Money should be provided for
road work as presented in our advance estimate for funds, with an oppor
tunity for Indians to earn money in this way.
Water Developments
( 1) Twenty years ago there was not one artisian well in this country
and but few pemanent watering places. Since then, there has been drilled
for the benefit of the Indians on the reservation twelve artisian wells,
two of which were purchased. Springs and wells have been developed and it
is proposed to continue this work as fast as possible with the assistance of
community organizations. Expect to continue the construction of flood
water reservoirs wherever possible, but in some localities it will be
delayed until it can be seen what lands the Indians can secure title to.
Indians with small teams and lack of equipment cannot build reservoirs and
we must have assistance from the Irrigation Service on larger projects;
for where there is larger drainage, reservoir sites in valleys, there is
much work required. Reservoirs constructed to impound water sufficient to
last from one season to the next are very essential for live stock watering
purposes. This mork also depends on consolidation and purchase of land.
It would be very foolish to expend money and a large amount of labor in
some locality that might not be secured for the Indians. No reservoirs are
large enough to impound water for irrigation; the main purpose is to
supply stock water.
( 2) Once the land situation is settled and we know what land can be
controlled by this jurisdiction, it will facilitate and admit the working out
4
