2
- 2-
Industries, continued
Seed of a quick producing corn-- Minnesota Thirteen-- has been
distributed and is being successfully raiseá. A few have secured
Iruit trees, and seed potatoes have been distributed for two
seasons on the two districts where they can be successfully
grown. No diseases or narrarul insects have affected the Indi
ans' crops except smut in their wheat." Copper Carb" which was
recommended by our County Agent is kept at the Agency for such
Indians as will make use of it. Attached hereto is a report on
an experiment conducted at the Sanatorium School last year.
The products of the School farm are useû here. The aiſal
fa raised is all required for the Scnool dairy herd and horses
used on the School farn. The grain is led the cattle and hogs,
and in addition to the corn raised, some is purchased. The Indi
ans save practically all of their seed. Tne School purchases a
portion for the reason that northern grown seed produces better,
because of the short season, than that grown locally. For this
reason some seed is issued, each year, to the Indians. A sreen
house and hot- bed are maintained at the School for securing early
plants for the School garden. This year a hot- bed was placed at
the Zuni Pueblo and at each of the four outlying districts in
Ciarge of a returned student. These hot- beds are for producing
plants where all can note results and, in most cases, have proven
successful. The failures are of value as another year the rais
ing of plants will be better understood. For looking arter these
not- beds these returned students were issued, seed to conduct a
small Tarn under the direction of the Agency farmer. This experi
ment is thought to be valuable as improved me thoäs will be used,
and their value shown at each of the Indian settlements. There is
attached here to a photograph showing the hot- bed at Nutria, with
the young Indian handling it and the Agency farmer. Seeds were
not treated before planting.
It is not necessary here to induce the Indians to farm. Ef
fort is necessary to secure Tarm lanås for many who, under the sys
tem in vogue of allowing the old Indians to claim large holdings,
are without land to farm. This office has taken the stand that
land remaining idle for a period of years can be turned over to
those without land for Tarming. While this has caused some fric
tion, it has helped in caring for such cases.
" Drones" are found among the Zunis as among other Indians ar
whites. Some of the returned students come from school with the
idea that they do not need to work. Such are given special atten
