( 0)and road camps, as well as sano to the boarding school. A number of Indianspurchased wagons and other equipment for their own use, and it appears thatthe bulk of their ragos has been used for good purposes.( b) Tolfare and Social Conditions:The economic status, in a way, has been improved through comployment, butdue to erop failure, food production has diminished, but through the effortsof our community organizations, bottor homes have been constructed throughthe cooperation of the members. numbor of hogans baro been built andcovered with composition roofing. Some Tory nic. stone houses have alsoboon built, rith composition roofing. This is notyrorthy, and we should herestato that the only roason the Natajos liv. in bogans is because of theirfinancial inability to build something better, as overy Navajo man and womanhas a drop of some time having a bottor homo, vith inprovod sanitarysurroundings, and they do not liko dirt roots for either houses or bogans.We might say that they are victims of circumstances at the present time.They are all hopoful that their finances in the futuro will pormit them toimprove their habitats in keeping with their desires.There has been no inorous, in the attondance of both day and boardingschools and thoro aro still more than 1,000 children out of school and nofacilities. This situation is the cause of much concorn.( It is probablethat in the next report we can make a very good showing as to what is beingdono in the establishment of day schools throughout the Indian country.)It should boro be noted that there are several hundrod families withoutany stook or any visible means of support, whom we have tried to givepreference in the development work, and when work stops, it is necessarythat no ropay to then some of tho savings whiob have been hold out to theircredit, but as soon as this rosory is used up, they again give us concernas they must have reliot of some naturo.Wo have tried to induce all Indians to keep a supply of wool on handfor the wearing of rugs, but thoro is never a sufficient supply on hand forthis industry, and usually, during the wintor, they wo unable to produceruge for laok of matoria.There is also another disturbing olement; for with more money in theIndian country, some are inclined to spond some of their earnings for liquor.We have tried very hard to persuade them against this practio. of gettingliquor, getting drunk and causing disturbance, and have been successful insome measure, though there are some who will not listen to any one in thisrospoot. Wo have made it plain to the Indians of this type, who will notlisten to perfuasion, that they will not be employed on the work. However,we are obliged to say that the liquor situation is worso now than in formeryoars, though numerous bootloggors have boon prosecuted; yot, this does butlittle good us there are many white people and Mexicans engaged in this nefarious traffic and are ably assisted by some of the Indians who shield andassist them. There are many cases in which it is difficult to secure evidencethat will contiot.