Seniors
Lorein Boone Zuni Pueblo
SENIORS! We made it! First off I want to say thanz to my mommy,
Lenelle Harker, who stood by me when times were hard and always told
me to keep my head up I love you mom. Thanx to my angels who aren' t
here today, Loren Sr.( Daddy), Loren Jr.( brother), and Jeremy
( brother). They' ve given me strength I love you. To my siblings Jeren,
Nathan and Lovella I love you very much and I just wanted to say have
fun on my playground lol. And of course to my friends Jenise, Kris, and
Short& her" pet" J/ K THANKS FOR ALL THE LAUGHS&
SUPPORT! I LOVE YOU! Stay strong K- I- T! Thanks for the many
awesome zday' s with Boone! Also many thanx to my sis Crissy, baba
Craig, cuz Toya and Davy! QWAT WULD JESUS DO! 09 BABY!
Many people have influenced me and I want to say for the one' s who I
didn' t mention you know who you are! AND CHAZ, I DIDN' T
FORGET YOU SHIWI! 50 yards! lol Ty, Mr. Woody... I didn' t mean
it JK! WELL DON' T KRY
Channelle Brandstetter
San Ildefonso Pueblo
Luy
We finally made itC/ O 09! I would like to first off thank God for helping to guide
me to where I' m at, my family for all their love and support. Grandpa and
Grandma thank you for everything you did for me. I hope I made you proud. To
all my DUBZ! I love you guys! Oh... I can' t forget Susie and Matt, you guys
helped me out so much! Thank you!
It' s 1
Who
enco
has d
to th
to th
Dale
than
Sam
DEE
than
fun.
one' s
" GO
CJ Brown
Santo Domingo
gonn
First of all I would like to thank all my teachers and
coaches for pushing me everyday of my 4 years@
SFIS. 2nd I would like to give a farewell to the
Basketball and Baseball crew, Love ya guys!!!
Congrats to all the Seniors esp. Dirb, Big Ceej, Bear,
J- Nar, and D- Wag... Jrs. Goodluck next year.
Jamaal, Stevs, Juanico, Trevs, Shalome, Jody, and A
Twon... Peace everyone
Michael Browning Jr.
Santa Clara Pueblo
Hi. What' s up? All I have to say is as you move on in life you have to
make choices. The choice you make is often a difficult one so whatever
choices you make just know you have your friends and family always
behind you and there' s always a firefighter near if you have any
problems so peace and keep in touch. Here' s a prayer I live by and who
knows maybe someday it will be yours.
A Firemans' Prayer
When I am called to duty, God, wherever flames may rage. Give me strength to
save some life whatever be its age. Help me to embrace a child before it is too
late, or save an older person from the horror of that fate. · Enable me to be alert
and hear the weakest shout. And quickly and efficiently to put the fire out I want
to fill my calling and to give the best in me To guard my every neighbor and
protect his property. And if according to my fate, i am to lose my life, Please
bless with your protecting hand my children and wife.
