PHYSICAL EDUCATION***
Under the expert generalship of Coach Calvin G. Beames and Instructor
Elizabeth Brown our boys and girls have enjoyed a profitable and happy
year in this department.
Physical fitness is stressed as well as sportsmanship. Physical
examinations are given at the opening of the school year.
In the boys' classes exercises, are given together with games such as
softball. The boys enjoy and participate in a variety of sports, The
boys liked them and worked harder for their school,
Our football season was successful. We had ten boys in both the
first and second teams in basketball. Our garnet and gold suits meant
a lot to the boys. Coach Beames and his assistents work hard to help the
boys become good players and good sports,
Track and boxing were very interesting and helpful. The track møn
were out on the field every afternoon to train for competition.
Our versity team in basketball: Leonard Dallas, James Yazzie,
Clarence Gorman, John Howard, Fidel varica, Jimmy Cordova, Larry Pirez,
Sam Arquero, Captains Edward A chuleta and Edwin bmith.
The boxers are Karl Ta lawyma, Henry Shelton, Alfred Nayler,
Wilson Jim, Nat Pecos, Ralph Martin, Mike Candelario, Tommy Cata, Jose
Naranjo, Robert Pena, Simon Toya, Albert Sikiestewa, Captains Joe Cruz,
and Augustine Seymour.
The football boys are: Karl Talawyma, Martin Calabaza, Thomas
Atencio, Larry Firez, Andrew Trujillo, James Yazzie, George, Frague,
Leonard. I allas, Augustine Seymour, Florentino Romero, Fiedl Garcia, Ben
Pena, Clarence Gorman, Frank Martinez, Willie Martin Richard Hooma,
Edwin Smith, Lorenzo Vigil, Carmelito Romero, Mike Candelario, Paul
Victorino, John Foward, Robert Pena, Captains Edwin Smith and Carmelito
Romero.
These boys have shown their good sportsmanship as the season chang
ed. The first football game we had this year was with El Rito. The
Indians won half their gares. I kewise they won half their games in
basketball. Two outstanding bcys in football were Edwin Smith and Larry
Pirez and two in basketball were Edward Archuleta and Edwin Smith.
The change in seasons brought the Lettermen' s banquet given for all
the lettermen, those who served in the games and were members of the team.
There were fonty two members present at Hecha Kewa on April 23 to enjoy
this banquet. The boys appreciated this evening very much.
Cooperation, good sportsmanship, and hard work were the marks by
which the boys always showed our school' s colors. garnet and gold. which
we do not want to give away..
Ort
O
ETC
GIRLS PROGRAM
.
E
Volley ball tournaments by squads were conducted in class. The
class tournaments were helà after school. 12- 1 was victoricus..
Our basketball team played and won two game with Madrid, 1 game with
the School for the Deaf, l with the Santa F. Senior Girl Scouts. The
players: Mary Concha, Connie Cata, Mary Cacucha, Grace Sanchez, Stella
Trujillo, L. cy Avila, Mary Elizabeth Shije, Agnes Vigil, Ella Mae Maria,
Laura Kaye, Greta Velarde.
Intramural games were played at night. The teams were composed of
students from grades 8- 9- 10- 11 and 12.
The seventh graders studied European folk dancing together with
American country dances, Schottische, polka.
.. Recreational games and rouler skating provided opportunities for
wholesome activities.
After the basketball season, the gym was used to develop interest
in games like badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis along
2352
