introduotia, Cent'l.
before the opening of the Pollo Bonito Boarding School i 1918,
then we met de dans la rhoods, o arall..at has
bona Leroused wtil at this time there in more than 1,000 guldra u
all schools, ad nu, there are gutter not yet provided for.
These are& Mor of the first students at 2. Lourdin sohool to
han on up now hew dans of cohead on the first rolled,
and 18 has honou observatia that mok progress has been mode in
ovusy line of notirit, wieh tends to promote the welfare of these
people, and all of lad is very eatining to u. Data connosning
boarding, der ud aastou sabools and medical servie. hu dney boca
Butted.
The population of the Eastern Nanjo jurisdietion, which has
alra boon otted, indicates a population of 1,690. However, the
cours is not ploto 16 has loan physical& possimut for our
field wu to ot statisties- to Mrt and death which coured
duong the past you, and, no doubt, a ploto ocu roton rould
shor at least 200 more word of the tot in thi. Jurisdiction.
The mission boarding school at farmington, with a capacity fox
120, and& Rehoboth, with the saus opacity, have been doing splendid
vork. A day nabool is nefatained at Lalo Grove by the Senath DE
Advatiste, with oroditadlo word no. Noar l'ammtastou, the Episcopal
Church laten hospital, and they have had my tos in
for treatment u the past year. However, they would like to die
continus the medical work and estabilan asphanago.
Seotion I, Industrld Doma lopment and welfare and sootd Conditions:
( a) Daduatrid Dorelant:
( 1) Ou the nusratia.
au Never a, 1991, the atin lenjo asua ma nated with a
heavy moment, wd other than mantlemad til « douponto altuation
arrested this atin feedlotia, nith the adoption of Portid to
und Canonadto
A mubor of Indians from south and out of the Mervation proper
had gone to the Quesado ed Atesque country to gather place wts and
were caught in the first montesso uithou shalt and short an
food supplies, wd 18 ms my w hard work a the part of the field
people and the India, themelv.. that they were to be roturned
to their homes. The new mw voery deep, and in many was the horros
de tu pare me stention, but we were able to tale care of
mory fully without a duce logo of us., ath the abooption of one
hantar about #Aloe northet of drupalat and the boys who run
ang m magate, the vers sangat a to Wiszent and porshed about
la route from the Charles H. et School.
