SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012Congrats everyone! First and for most I would like to thank my awesome mom for bringingme into this world. I appreciate all the things that you' ve done for me to come this far. To my wonderful, crazy, funny family: thank you for your undying support. To all my little girlies, Randa, Calicah,Megan, Alyssa, and Cal: have fun next year and thanks for all the laughs. You made my last year ofhigh school a blast. Amber and Zephra: even though we didn' t hand out much, thanks for always being there for me through everything. To my 6th period crew: thanks for all the crazy laughs and alwaysgetting me mad. Eisley, good luck next year. To my other half: thank you for all your support, adviceon the do' s and don' ts, and being there for me through the ups and downs.=) I LOVE YOU! A specialthanks you to my grandpas, Rudy and Ray Tenorio: thank you for all your words of wisdom. I willcherish the times we shared together. You will always be in my heart. This grad is for you. To the classof 2012: peace, love in whatever you plan to do... I' m outta here!Beverly TenorioI would like to thank my best friends who have been there for me from the beginning: Summer, Ashley, Autumn, and Irie. I would also like to thank my brother Brandon Big Crow forbeing there for me at school and home to motivate me and support me in anything that Idid. Finally, I would like to thank my senior class for all working together to make it this far tograduate.- Brandi TrujilloWell, we finally made it!!! Congratulations to everyone!Over these past years in this school I would like to thank all the people who entered my life. Youmade each day worth living. Most importantly I would like to thank my family for always pushing metowards my goals and believing in me. I would also like to give a special thanks to the friends whohave given me the courage, laughs, stories, long conversations, and memories. To the crew Taylor( T- dawg), Jeanette( my cousin, a special thanks for always being there), Dylan( Brother from anothermother), Jonisha( Peaches), Mireya( Daddy), Mariah, Athena( Mama), Gotte, Autumn( Billie), Brandon Bigcrow, Janna, Helen( Jenuis) and Tanisha. Thanks to the two people who' ve made the dormincredibly fun!! Kerry and Shaq!!!And no matter where we go in life, we can look back at those days of “ drinking milk ” and “ taking out the trash." I willmiss all of you.- Hallie VigilFirst of all I would like to say CONGRATS SENIORS WE FINALLY MADE IT! I' d like to say a verybig THANK YOU to both my parents, to my wowo( grandma), to my all my sisters Jenny, Sandra,Aurora, Janiece, to my Tsida( my 2nd mom) for always sticking by my side telling me I can do anything,telling me not to give up, and for giving me the love and support for everything in life. Also to mylittle brother Dominic for always lifting up my spirits when I' m down, everything I do is for him. Iwant to thank my teachers for educating me throughout my years here at the S. F. I. S, and my teachers who taught me the years before. AND to my friends the 5MD' s Sylvia C, Kayla L, Jasmine F, Alex G,the boys Demetri L, Isaac G, Patrick V, Karesten L. Boy has it been a great experience getting to knowyou. I will never forget you guys and the unforgettable memories we have made. Karesten, stay outof trouble, keep up the good work you do in school and I' ll miss you! Last but not least, to my bestieKatrisha C: thank you for everything you have done for me. We have been through our ups and downs, and I' m proud tohave a friend like you.Much love- Evonne Waseta94 2011- 2012