Annual Report,
192.
San Juan Agency
,
Colo., has made a fine individual and is now heading
the hard. The Holstein bull secured by exchange with the
Jicarilla Indian School, Dulce, N. M., has been slaugh
tered for subsistence. Practically the last of the short
horn herd has been disposed of and the Holstein herd
is productive
, growing and well managed.
The Poggenburg goat herd at the Toadlene School,
which was started in the late fall of 1925 by the purchase
of two grade does End one pure bred buck now numbers over 40
head counting all ages. Last fall a pure bred buck kid
was purchased in Wisc onsin and is being developed at Ship
rock. This animal promises well and es soon as he has
reeched a suitable age he will be placed with the herd
where it is hoped he will leave his mer. At present this
herd is doing about as well as could be expected. No great
amount of milk is being secured but such as is a vEilable
cones in nighty handy for the sick and those needing
special diet.
Blanket Weaving continues to be one of the main
sources of revenue. Practically all the women and an
occasional man devote all their spare time to this
industry. It has been said that, due to the oil activ
ity of the jurisdiction, the weaving industry is falling
off. It is true that there have been fewer blankets
WOven this past year than usual, however, I do not at
tribute it to the oil activities. It is rather dueto
the immense pinon nut crop of 1925, to harvest which
every man, woman, and child was busy. The raders of
the jurisdiction estimate that over 400, 000 pounds of
pinon nuts were gathered and sold during the season, for
which they paid Tod from 10 to 176
per pound,
or an
average, according to the estimates of the Traders, of
14t, making a revenue of over 250, 000. 00 far on this
source alone.
The Indians
of this jurisdiction have also received
a goodly income from the Oil Companies operating in the
neighborhood of Shiprock. There has been paid them for
labor, freighting, etc, a total of over$ 75, 000. 00.
The inc one of the San
uan Nava jo for the year runs well
over$ 500, 000. 00.
On the jurisdiction
there are two District Terners
and one Stockman. One of the Farmers is located at Aneth
36
