- 2-ANNUAL REPORT,1929.NARRATIVE SECTION.INDUSTRIES,Contra.EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.at nearly every meeting of the Stock Organizations urging that theIndians receive no more land. The State Legislature emphasizes thesituation and memorializes Congress to stop giving aid to the Indians in this respect. Further, there are several thousand entitledto allotments in New Mexico. Provisions are made for funds to carryout the work of allotment, but is permitted to be specified that noneof this money is to be used for allotment work among the Indians ofArizona and New Mexico.The greatest constructive program that can be put forward inmy opinion is as follows:1. Purchase as much land as possible with the present appropriation of$ 1,200,000.00. Appoint a committee of threepersons and to include District Superintendent lr. ChesterE. Faris to investigate the needs and recommend definitelyon all propositions as to advisability of purchase and topass on values. Secure change in this bill so that theentire amount would be immediately available instead ofonly$ 200,000.00 as now provided. No reason whatever forthis work to be so long drawn out, as it only increasesthe uncertainty of our situation. Every thing to lose bydelay and not a single thing to gain.2. Have a set date for the Tribal Council meeting whichshould be about July 7th of each year. The Council meeting of the past has brought together many Indians and theresult is for much good, as the Indians have become intimately acquainted with their situation and problems andthey are becoming a tribe of thinkers and alive to theneeds so necessary for the advance to the goal of completeindependence.3. The past year has been one of almost unprecedented drought,with only a 60 per cent lamb crop and wool shortage andwith no reserve range it has been very trying, even withthe leasing of above 140,000 acres from the railroad companies and private parties. The situation was very uncertain until the rains came. Water development has receivedmuch attention in the past year, but we are handicapped inwater development. A liberal appropriation should be madefor the benefit 01 the Indians off the reservation.4. More physicians, field nurses, hospitals, equipment andpersonnel are essential in order that every family mayhave medical and hospital advantages when necessary andin the eradication of infectious disease.