ONRRATIVS SECTIONAnnual Report19 34Eastern Narajo AgenoyIntroduction:( Historical)on April 1, 1909, a ner jurisdiction was created and all the Navajosliving upon the Public Domain in Arizona and Now Mondeo vero placed underthe superintendent of the new jurisdiction, then called Pueblo Bonito,and a few years ago changed to Lastern Navajo Jurisdiction, and it wasmy priviloge to be assigned the first superintendent of the nor Jurisdiotion, with instructions to locate an agency and school. The first yourTas spent in learning the conditions of the jurisdiction and working withthe several allotting agents who were assigned to allot the Indians atthat timo; namely, Willia M. Potorson, George Koepors, and Joseph G.Kont. Each of thos. mon had a cror for carrying out the work and madesomething like 2, 500 allotments during the years 1907 to 1911, when eachcrow Tas disbanded and the allotment work was never completed. A partof the Public Domain Tas Tithin the Executive Order extension created in1907, and in 1911 all lands not allotted voro rostored to the PublicDomain. Soveral sections were reserved by Executive Order for schooland agency purposes, including two sections of land where the EasternNavajo agonoy and Boarding School is nou located, and which is not onthe reservation proper.Astor soloction of the prosont site, it was necessary to lot acontract to drill a well to determine whether it was possible to developa water supply sufficient for a small boarding school. voll vas drilledto tho dopth of 525 foot in 1911. Vo were authorized to manufactur.176,000 briok, and in 1918, ono dormitory of cottage typo, ono smalloffice building, and two cottages were constructed under contract, andve opened school in a board abaok with twenty- five boys in attendance. Atthat time it was decided to build a school plant with capacity of 120childron, which from time to time has been increased until now we havea capacity of 350 childron.Before the opening of the Pueblo Bonito Boarding School in 1918,thoro was not a dozen childron in all schools, and our enrollment has beenincronsed until at this time thoro aro more than 1,000 children in allschools, and still, there to quito a number not yot provided for. Theroare a number of the first students at this boarding school who have growup and now have children at school where thoy first enrolled, and it has