The curriculum as completed so far is deficient
in boys industrial or vocational work. However due to the
ages of our pupils this is not a too serious deficiency.
We do need to do more for our boys, though, in giving them
vocational training. At the present time, this school is
handicapped by the lack of an industrial shop, and a boys
vocational instructor. We need a good program of agricult
ural training. Even with a good instructor( which we lack)
this school could not carry on a well rounded program of
agricultural training, since the growing season is during
the summer months, when the pupils are all at their homes.
Therefore it is advocated, that this school be permitted to
operate at any time during the year that its work can most
efficiently be performed. The work, also, would be carried
on at any convenient place, which lends itself most efficient
ly to advancing the training of the Navajo people.
We pro
pose as soon as facilities are avellable, and as soon as the
school year is ad justed to our growing season, to have agri
cultural plots, in various localities. These plots will be
80 chosen as to give the pupils practice in carrying on
agriculture such as found in this part of the country. We
need to carry on demonstrations
of dry farming, and irriga
tion methods. The se demonstration plots, must from necess
ity be some miles from our school. Therefore truck trans
portation must be made available before we can accomplish
this work successfully. This demonstration and experimental
work would be carried out on school plots first; then as fast
as the parents become interested, and willing to cooperate,
this work would take place on the land of the adult Indians.
As a part of the Navajo study of the most effect
ive use of the land, we plan to include work in erosion con
trol, and forestry in our school curriculum during the coming
year.
We plan to make an effort to include in our agric
ultural work, some instruction on better methods in sheep
raising
Since we do not have special instructors, our only
recourse, in boys vocational work, is to have our regular
teachers study with the children, in order to put this work
across
Much of the agricultural, grazing, forestry, and
erosion control subject matter is not aveilable in a form
suitable for pupil use. We have no librarian at this school.
Since we are trying to put over a program of education adapted
to Navajo needs, we feel that a combination position of librar
ian and research worker, and collector of educational material
for teaching purposes is needed for this school. Probably this
position can not be created at once. Therefore we believe that
