- 2-
have, for example, no means of separating a case of smallpox
from a clean post- operative case. Many tuberculous patients are
sent to other places for care who could be cared for here if fa
cilities were available. Most bone fractures could be handled
had we an X- ray. Later, they must be carried to the nearest
hospital where such services are available, necessitating con
siderable time, annoyance, and added expense. As I will mention
later, many confinement cases need hospitalization and should
have it, as the maternal and infant mortality in our pueblo is
excessively and needlessly high. Again, much sickness of a gen
eral na ture is found among the Indians which should be hospi tal
ized. I believe that without a doubt many of these would seek
admission could they be shown that it is to their interest to do
so. My Indians, as a group, are not so lacking in intelligence
as to be unable to see that there is a deficiency or weakness in
our mode of care somewhere.
Leaving the hospital question and looking at the sore spots
in the affairs at the pueblo, I find that a few things could be
changed or improved.
There is in the pueblo at present, and this has been going
on, and unconquerable, since prehistoric time, a large percent
age of deaths among mothers and new- born babies. This rate is
so much higher than that ſound even among the lower class of the
white race that the condition is astounding. Figures have not
been computed but personal observation, and that of others in the
field, confirms this. The Zunis, like most Indians, are a very
prolific tribe, and if it were not for this fact the tribe would
exterminate itself in a short time. This is a problem which con
fronted all former medical workers and others in administrative
and executive positions for a long time. It is one which can be
corrected only by a decided change in our tactics, which have
been too lax. It is part of the Zuni religion that only a Zuni
Medicine Man shall attend childbirth. It is my belief that to
accomplish our object the Medicine Man and his power must be sub
dued. As we all know, difficult births will be encountered from
time to time. We also know that the Medicine Man is not trained
to handle abnormal cases. Mothers with child are often in poor
physical condition for child bearing. This condition, or most of
it, could be corrected if approved me thods of care and treatment
were applied. Peculiar therapeutic procedures are used by the
Medicine Men before, during, and after confinement. Certain harm
ful medicinal agents are administered to both mother and child
which by all means should be stopped. I have seen pitch applied
to the umbilical cord of a new- born which burned through the skin
causing an ugly wound about three inches in diameter. The cause
