• 5-III. Agricultural Development.A. Agricultural Development.The Navajo during the past year has shown a much greaterinterest in farming. Many have reclaimed good- sized gardens and farmson which they have been able to raiso enough to add greatly to theirstore of food supplies. Thoir desire to secure this land was shown bytheir willingness to donate a large amount of labor for making canals,constructing headgates, etc.Production of vegetables was more than double theamount produced the preceding year.Several small new irrigation projects were locatedand considerable work was done on them during the past year. TheNavajo Indian, while not a natural farmer, adapts himself well toagriculture and with encouragement and help will develop into anaverage farmer.Owing to the present depression the number of Navajosemployed off the reservation for farm labor has been limited duringthe past year. However, many have been employed in the surroundingfarming districts as the white farmers have come to value their services. Ordinarily there is a good demand for Nava jos as farm laborersand money thus earned adds considerably to the income of these people.B. The Use of Lands.There are three hundred thirty- nine thousand twohundred twenty acres of timber land on the Northern Nava jo Reservation.A large portion of this area is covered with scrub cedar and pinonpine. There is a sufficient amount of native pine to take care of theneeds of the reservation. This is being cut by the agency sawmill atthe rate of about two hundred fifty thousand board feet per year.During the past year slightly over three hundred thousand feet wassawed at the sawmill.Over fifty- five hundred acres of irrigated land wasfarmed by Indians during the past season. This was an increase ofabout eighteen hundred acres over the previous year. On this landthe following crops were raised: alfalfa, corn, wheat, oats, beans,grain hay, fruit, garden vegetables and considerable pasture. Noland within the boundaries of the reservation is allotted.There are about twenty allottments on public domainin southeastern Utah. During the year sixty- five Navajos living inUtah have signified their intention of filing on six hundred fortyacres, grazing allottments in this area. It was intended to takethese Indians to Monticello to file early in the spring, but thereceipt of office letter dated December 17, 1931 will change thisplan and no further allottments will be filed on until favorableadvice is received from the Indian office. There have been no