- 4-
of cooperation with the other officials and of lack of know
ledge on the part of the Indians as to the authority of this
office and their pueblo officials. It would be a wonderful
thing for the Women especially if there were some manner of en
forcing legal marriage upon the reservation. Under the present
manner of handling the condition that now exists with reference
to legal marriage, they are the exception instead of the rule
even among the Returned Students.
With reference to handling the Forestry activities, and this in
cludes both roads and range development, there is made a part
of this report as Exhibit" B" a copy of our Forest Rangers
report to his superior.
HEALTH
For the past three hundred years( since Zuni history has been
known) the population has averaged from fifteen hundred to two
thousand, our present enrollment being 1991. Adjacent to the
Zuni reservation are the Navajoes whose numbers ha ve increased
greatly during this period.
There is no doubt that the Zunis habits and modes of living--
and it may be their diet-- has had much to do with their retarded
growth. Six years ago, especially during the summer season the
number of deaths resulting from dysentery was so great that
steps were taken to relieve the condition as it was felt that
this was the result in great part of drinking impure wa ter. At
that time the sewage from the boarding school and agency flowed
directly into the river which flows through the village four
miles below. Septic tanks were constructed and two deep wells
drilled in the village, the water from the wells being piped
over the village with hydrants attached for the use of the In
dians. This measure, together with the establishment of the
sanatorium, has been most effective in checking the dysentery
although there are some cases resulting, no doubt, from the use
of the impure water from shallow wells which are used still for
stock purposes.
There is attached here to as Exhibit" C" and made a part of this
report recommendations by Dr. Roland A. Carrow, our agency phy
sician, for needed improvements. There are recommendations in
