14PUEBLO DE S.CLARAA. Yes; veQ. Nowas to those portions of the land whichare nowfully cultivatedand for ichyou gave compensation, didyou make any effort to find whether they were already cultivated or not at the time they passed from Indianposses.sion, if they ever did pass from IndianOssessionA. We made some effoo doas re havecases, but the Board necessarily in its investigations andwork, which was tremendous, requiring infinite patience, didin this case make astch effort as we lad in some ofercases, because we found thatitwas almost impossible togetany evidence as to actual factsto whatstate the land wasasin when it passed. It was almostimpossible to find out whenit did pass. Practically all of the transfers, witha fewexceptions, were of such ancient datethat even if onehad hada community composed of very intelligentpeople who hadrecords, it would have been very difficult to get such evidence.We did make some efforton severaloccasions during thehearings, but not withany result.Q. Was that on account of the antiquity of the transfer?A. The antiquity of the transfer and the fact that in allprobability nobody yet living would have anyaccurate mem.ory of the transactionsat the time. I do not say that theremay not have been somebody thatmight have beendug out,but we did not find them.Q. Now is it correct to say that if the land was raw landwhen it passed from the Indians possession, your theory was,in making compensation, that all the improvements made init were made by the settlers and therefore subjectto be deducted from the full valueA. Yes, thatis a correct statement of the theory uponwhich we proceeded. The Board was confronted with thenecessity of findinga method whereby the rather vague anddifficult phraseology of the law could be worked outin a practical and equitable method; and it was the tendency17 of the Board,moreover, whenever we were in doubt,to resolvethe doubt in favor of the Indians, which, Ithink, we did in this case as in others.Q. If any of the land was alrady cultivatei then itpassed from Indian possession, did you consider, or not, thatits present value includes still furtiser iisprovements is itscondition nade by the attlers?