J
( 27)
with occasional monies,-- the Navajo Blanket. In 1911 it was
es tima ted that the traders of the Moqui Reservation, and those
close to the Moqui lines( unlicensed) purchased yearly about
$ 100,000 worth of Nava jo Indian rugs. This estimate was too
high. After the introduction of the tagging system, the
reports indicated that the first guess shoulă have been$ 60,000.
During 1918 the licensed traders of the reserve bought only
$ 21,000. The very high prices for wool have during the past
three years strongly affected blanket weaving. An Indian who
can procure from 40 to 50 cents a pound for his raw wool, cannot
afford to weave the stock into rugs for sale at 90 cents.
Of course, for the best types of blankets, the price per pound
averages higher than ninety cents, and some are sold as high
as$ 2.00 per pound. However, it requires very nearly two pounds of
raw wool to produce one pound of blanket, and this plus dyestuffs
and labor( to say nothing for invention and workmanship) does not
invite great production, and will not while wool brings the high
prices for raw stock. It is believed that so long as the Indian
trading business on reserva tions is regulated and supervised, so
that cheapening processes cannot enter into the matter, the
Navajo Indian blanket will remain a source of profit to the
weavers, because it presents a method of earning money when
other activities are at their lowest ebb. There should be a
means devised for the protection of the Government guaranty tag.
This also has been a matter of correspondence without developing
the method.
Again referring to the improvement of horse stock, mention
should be made of the Dourine work under the direction of
officials of the Bureau of Animal Industry, which began at Moqui
during the summer of 1918 and continued until January 1, 1919.
It is und erstood that this work will be continued in the spring
of 1919.
It is believed that this Report covers all the important
phases of the Moqui Indian Reserva tion, for the period June
30, 1918 to February 1, 1919.
Respectfyly ulimit ted.
Chane
Superintendent.
