DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
Annual Report
Non- Reservation
School
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE
U. S. Indian School
Santa Fe, New Mexico
July 11, 1928
pm
NEE
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
Washington, D. O
My dear Mr. Oommissioner
Section II Health
The general health conditions at the Santa Fe School dur
ing the year, 1927, 1928, have been very satisfactory. This condition
applies to both girls and boys. The fact that we were without a phy
sician from Jaanary lat to a few days ago, and the services of physicia
ne in to Wm were not needed except in a very few special cases, bears
out the above statement. I am more and more convinced that the girls
in this altitude should not be put through strenuous exercise and rig
orous athletics should not be indulged in by the girls
It is my plan to provide more playground equipment for the
girls if sufficient savings can be made
Outside basketball courts were provided for the girls last
fall and the girls made good use of them. We received frequent calls
from other schools for match games of basketball with our girls, but
we did not have a Begular team of girls for this purpose. When more
playground equipment is provided and proper use made of the basketball
courts, tennis courts and recreation walks, etc., I feel that the girls
of this school will receive a sufficient amount of good wholesome ex
ercise
This school escaped the customary epidemic of flu but in
cases of the" Three day flu, which amounted to nothing more than the
inconvenience of having our hospital f11led for a few days. No special
detail of employees was necessary to care for the children during this
11ight epidemic. There were only a very few pupils sent home during
the year on account of 11lness and these were tubercular suspects and
only one of such cases resulted in death. A girl from Santa Clara:
She had been losing in weight and a special diet did not seem to benefit
her to any great extent. Thinking a visit to her home would be benefi
cial to her, I, accompanied by the nurse, took her to Santa Clara to
her home in order that we might study her home conditions before decid
1ng to leave her. We found her home to be fully adequate for the size
of her family and everything was in order. I was pleased to see that
they had a cow and a number of chickens, thus assuring fresh milk and
eggs. I instructed her mother to see that she was given plenty of
