Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern
Navajo Agency
other to look after the reservation Indians and such
outside work as might be necessary. In this way,
none would be neglected and a canvass could be made
for tuberculosis and trachoma.
" A hospital or sanatorium for the reservation
Indians is much needes as the school hospital is not
large enough for the school alone, especially during
periods of epidemio and a sanatorium is much needed
for tuberculosis cases."
Dr. 0. P. Goodwin, who has been located at Shiprock for the
past ten months, makes a report as follows:
" The general health conditions at the school
and agency are good at present. We have had several
epidemics during the school term, but at this time
there is very little sickness,
" During the present term we have had three cases
of diptheria, four cases of German measles, and over
one hundred cases of whooping cough. The whooping
cough was severe and quite a few developed tubercu
losis following it and were dropped from school as a
consequence. There were no deaths from diptheria,
measles, or whooping cough.
" General sanitary conditions on the reservation
and around the Indian homes as a rule are good. ITO
regular sanitary inspection of the reservation has
been made, and this would be hard to do on account
of the extent of the reservation, the inaccessibility
of some of the Indian homes, and the fact that no one
knows where the homes are. To visit some of the
homes would mean a three hundred mile round trip,
traveling up arroyos where one might have to spa de
sand for several miles before a car could pass, and
lots of the homes could only be reached on foot or
horse back. In view of these conditions, it would
take practically a year to make sanitary inspection
of the reservation doing no other work.
seback
:
ly
a
year
no
other
wor
" In the matter of improving their home con
ditions, I feel that nothing can be done in a san
itary way, as the hogans are well ventilated and
the sun finds its way to every corner, and when
a suitable method of smoke removal is introduced,
they will be an ideal place to live in according
- 8
