Joseph Abeyta, Jr.PROCLAMATIONIN RECOGNITION OF Joseph Abeyta, Jr.WHEREAS, Mr. Joseph Abeyta, Jr. was born and raised in Santa Clara Pueblo, and educated at Saint Catherine' s Indian School,Highlands University, and Harvard University; and,WHEREAS, Mr. Abeyta has dedicated his life to the education of the children of the 19 Pueblos, serving their parents, their communities,and Santa Fe Indian School with heart, mind, and spirit, for over 30 years; andWHEREAS, Mr. Abeyta' s contributions include, but are not limited to, the establishment of the first Pueblo contract school, implementedin 1977; and,WHEREAS, highlights of his experience have included:1. With the assistance of the 19 Pueblo Governors, moved the Albuquerque Indian School to Santa Fe, and the re- establishmentof the Indian School at Santa Fe as a school owned and operated by the Pueblo leadership;2. The presentation of the Excellence in Education award from the US Department of Education in 1986;3. The implementation of successful programs recognized by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the State of New Mexico, and theUnited States Federal Government;4. With the assistance of the 19 Pueblo Governors and the New Mexico congressional delegation transferred the Santa FeIndian School property into trust on behalf of the 19 pueblos, creating a home that will forever be held in a trust for our Pueblostudents;5. The recognition of the need for construction at SFIS, the foresight to plan, the fortitude to demand action on behalf of Pueblopeople, and the subsequent allocation of financial support for the school' s new state- of- the- art facilities;6. The expansion of our reservation boundaries by exposing students and staff to other cultures through exchange programs;7. The establishment of collaborations with universities and industry for the purpose of offering Santa Fe Indian School staffhigher degrees, and SFIS students improved educational opportunities;8. The recognition as a leader in Indian education, as a member of National Indian Advisory Council of Education, appointed bythe President; receiving the 1984 New Mexico Distinguished Public Service Award; a proclamation recognizing his work signedby the 19 Pueblo governors; the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Indian Education Association.And through it all, Mr. Abeyta has always had great faith in prayer to accomplish an agenda that, in hindsight, seems miraculous,a faith marked by his vision, loyalty, persistence, dedication, determination, and his ability to lead others through good and badtimes, by storytelling, to share his faith in Native traditions, Indian culture, and the Pueblo view of life.NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that in great gratitude, the Santa FeIndian School family extends to Mr. Abeyta a sincere appreciation for commitmentand loyalty to the school that he helped begin in 1977 and that he intends to leavein 2008, by proclaiming that, as is fitting, every graduation day at Santa Fe IndianSchool shall be known as Mr. Joseph Abeyta, Jr. Day.NDIANSCUSFIS BYANTAPer