1
1
( 7)
should be accompanied by a thought as to how and where these
employeos are to live. A stockman or District farmer cannot
maintain himself on the range in a tent. Winter begins on
the Moqui Reserva tion in October or November and continues
until the following May. It matters not how many tourists
were delighted with the climate in August, the fact remains
that bitter winter is experienced hero, since the whole reserve
is li miles above sea level.
Therefore provision should be made for the housing of these
employees whenever furnished.
The section of this report titled" Construction" will have
to do with building, etc., but it is believed proper here to
point out once again that no superintendent may be expected to
maintain order and punish Indians for misdemeanors( and it may
be that crimes will be committed--- as in the past) without
some safe and sanitary GUARD HOUSE in which to place both male
and female prisoners. A plan of guardhouse has been submitted
to the Indian office and practically approved; but the moneys
have not been forthcoming. Moantime, all the moral affairs
of the Hopi continue to be immoral, because there is no place
in which to pen Hopi women; and the Navajo continues to
leave the Agency regions when he thinks he has served long enough.
During 1916-17, 1917-18, and 1918-19, no moneys were assigned
for the construction of new buildings.$ 2500 has been the
allotment for general repairs. During this time, and though
& slight increase of the repair allotment, the superintendent
has been able to build---
A laundry at Polacce Day School;
A garage at the Agency proper;
and to increase the space of other buildings
where necessary.
It is believed that materials may be had for the building of
a proper Blacksmith Shop during 1919-20. It has been recommended
& number of times that, considering the weather conditions of
winter, the Moqui Agency should have a proper BARN, as well as
sheds to house implements and general equipment of expensivo
character, such as vehicles, road machinery, etc. from the
weather. It may be stated that what has been saved in this
way has been spent twice in the condition of equipment that
must go through the winter unhoused.
Closely connected with general administration is the Indian
Police Force and the Indian Court. Former reports have given
at length the history of the Moqui Agency police, both Nava jo and
Hopi. There is no reason to change the description now. The
