8
PROGRAM FOR FISCAL IZAR, 1989
BDUCTOS
During the coming your, the fallodag general progu u ho
developed: mon atended mplication of the prinsiplar of educational
and voeation of down, viousl turetlen, maro v. of ducational
tento, studies of the work of advies and matrons, copecially in the
teaching poets of their work; doo, it is hoped that two ou be found
to do 100 pork la Umoulun tercerah.. It is planned to carry on
these studies through soundttoos of uployees who are ospecially in
terested or qualified to work on one particular study.
Kindergarten: Alms to touch the spooldag of English to nou
English speaking poup of beginning dodergarten Navajo Indian ad1ldren,
ving special reference to soboolroom, dared tory, playpound, and
ruturo yours' needs. This is to be moonplished by vaslom units of
activity as food wit( preparing, cooldne. narving, outing, and clean
ing dishes), adimplified store'uit, floor plagtowo wit, Crompetat
School aand- table wit, ad genes, songs, pieturos, objects, exowdons,
holiday activities, Mother Goose rhymes, and the Little Theatre,
Mint Gecado: the work in this prud. wtu begin with a sohool
aequatatamoo mit. An attempt will be made to lead the children lato
some of the following wito: hano, trading poot, Chelstumas toy
shop, pots, garden, and cirou. Some moral aim of this pada wa
abaracter development, protoction and development of physical and
montal health, freedou for watiw expression, witallo progress in
Foading and writing. progras in notar aldu., fent uty in the us of
Second dando: The blagoot ain in this prado is to latorust the
Sostian A tonahe u modana procenat ve mothods of teaching, and to get
the Sustia B toucher to make a more atanaw w. of stirit methods.
Mind Grade: Pleo" Chula's Own Way Sertos, Book or is the bande
text 12 moeding in this predo, repp longated ton « twalno other
readori. To to startu la ton radar thar du ho oral di
Quesdong mo mu lead to waits ou home life, in the count, sa
the city. mis vil lead to the study of the Uvs of people, la
other lands. Then waits du har m. prindpal ata, the study of
means of bottering of the children's on wyı Unas at home. Dans
wit u bo wed we hakuund for Mstory, geography, wydane,
language, spelling, and of thnotie. Many arthuono prohlo ni
bo used on the oil's an experience.) Menari ad oonduet du bo
stressed wha studying the use of people of other lande.
Pourth Grade: The child's Ona w Sortos, Book go is the
basto text in this pado, mpplomcated by several other readers. Nam
