1
Sootion II-
HEALTH
The general health of the pueblos inclusing the pupils in school
will average better than that of the native communities adjacent thereto.
Tuberculosis and trachoma are both prevalent to a very great
extent in spite of intermittent treatment by the government physician.
The intermittent treatment I refer to is a result of frequent changes
in the personnel of government physicians, field matrons, etc.
The
Indian homes of the Laguna district are in much better sanitary condition
than are those of the Spanish- American citizens. Unfortunately, the
home conditions in many of the other pueblos are not equal to tho se prevail
ing in the Laguna district. On the whole, however, it is believed
conditions are improving as all positions of physicians and field matrons
are now filled.
Hospital facilities are anade qua te for the care of those Pueblo
Indians suffering from acute and infectious diseases or injuries, About
40 cases of tuberculosis are being cared for at the present time at the
Laguna Sana torium which is crowded to its capacity. There are many more
cases requiring treatment, some at lease of which are willing to enter a
sanatorium. It is feared funds will be insufficient to care for the
maximum number of patients at the Laguna Sanatorium during the coming
fiscal year and many will probably be discharged before the dåsease is
arrested. Regular physicians are treating trachoma as efficiently as is p
possible with the facilities for hospitalization. I do not believe temporary
tent hospitals would be of much service in this section unless same be of
good construction and located in the vicinity of the main tubercular
sanatorium.
There are no influences which operate to prevent the Laguna Sanatorium
attaining its maximam usefulness, excepting the lack of funds, This
sanatorium could easily be enlarged to double its capacity and would yet
prove inadequate to handle the cases of tuberculosis existing in the
Southern Pueblos country.
No figures are available as to the number of venereal cases in this
jurisdiction. However, a great many are reported by the physicians. Some
are receiving treatment. However the best results cannot be secured until
provisions are made for hospitalization of these cases. The Office
recently a thorized me to use the old hospital build ing, more recently
oc aupied as a residence for the Laguna physician, as a general hospital,
I had planned to devote a porti on of this building to ve nereal cases
-5.
