FrancorumPage 1.!NARRATIVELeupp Ind in 18ohool& AgenoyLoupP, Arisons.SECTION 1--- Law and Order.1. For the work being done at the present time,.. thAgonoy buildE RECEIVEDings are considered sufficient.SEP 22 1910Theo agonoy employees are considered sufficient for the needsof this agonoy, however they are all needed.3. No diffioulty has been experienced in maintaining proper orderon the reservation as the police force is very loyal.до гөmedy18 nooded, 80 long as the police force is allowed, and it is indisponsible.4. I do not believe there are any old Indians dances being indulgedin by the Indians of this reservation, or if there are such, it isnot mom.6. The marriage and divorce oustoms of the Nava Joe is very bad.Chi14 marriage is practised to some extent, and the buying ofyoung wives by the older men of the tribeſ as they are the oneswho can give the most for wives-- on account of their having muchstook të st111 being done. The divorce oustoms are also lax.6.The religious Welfare of the Indians is being promoted by anundenominational mission, at Tolohaco, where there is a missionaryand boarding school; also by an auxiliiary mission of the abovebeing located adjoining our school grounds here, where they havea nioe building, and one missionary that gives instruction to theschool children along religious lines. This mission is verybeneficial aside from the religious training given, as it is ameans of much benefit in teaching the children the English language.7.So far I have had no cooperation in suppressing the liquortraffio, though I have requested, just lately, the assistance ofthe Federal officers from the Denver, Colorado headquarters.8. There is thought to be very 11ttle liquor used by the Navajosunder the supervision of this Agency, though it is reported to methat some of the Indians are getting liquor off the reservation,in a bearby city. If the parties selling this liquor, as well asthe purchasers could be caught and convicted, it is thought theusing of liquor would be practically stopped.9. No drinks are manufacturedby the Indians under the jurisdictionof thit office.10. Does not apply.11. Quite a number of the Indians gamble with what is known as theIndian games, and some with cards.12. Probably the most sffective method being used to stamp outgambling is in not giving work, or issues of wagons for work toanyone who is known to be a gambler. The police also keep a lookout for this kind of vice, and do all they can to discourage same.