1
( 6)
ADMINISTRATION
.
Law& Order.
The Moqui Agency list of employees, after a complete revision
during 1918, shows fourteen regular positions, paid from" Support
of Indians in Arizona& New Mexico," and seven miscellaneous
positions, paid from Industrial Work& Care of Timber." of these
twenty- one positions, two clerks are concerned entirely with
accounts, six( physicians, nurses and laundre88) concerned
specifically with Health, four( field ma trons) largely devoted
to health and sanitation; two( general mechanic and blacksmith)
have work that while it may lead them to the range, has nothing
to do with administration; three others are Indian assistants
in various departments. It would seem to be clear therefore,
that in connection with range administration among Indians,
there are exactly two persons, to wit:
The Superintendent
; and
The Superintendent
of Livestock; assisted by
two interpreters
, one Hopi and one Navajo.
Actually the office accounting is become so great that these two
interpreters cannot leave the office for any length of time without
seriously handicapping the work.
As it is utterly impossible to administer the affairs of 4,000
persons, scattered over an area as large as some Eastern States,
with two men( one of whom must direct practically every matter
on the reservation), it has become necessary to make every
possible use of the four field matrons and four day school
principale. This has not pleased some of the School Supervisors,
who can see nothing beyond the school fence, but has worked out
here very effectively
.
The weakness in the Moqui Agency organization
is that, having
found that" farmers" were not suitable to the country, no type
of employeo to act in an administrative capacity under the
direction of the superintendent
has been supplied.
Inspector H. S.
Traylor's recommendation that& corps of intelligent stockmen be
supplied, has not been followed. In a recent letter I have
recommended the abolishing of one such stockman's position, for
the reason that no man capable of supervising stock interests
will work for the salary stipulated, and have pointed out that
Indians are not benefitted by VACANÍ positions that act to save
money.
In all other respects the Moqui Agency is pretty well supplied,
However, should such stockman be furnished at some future time
provision will have to be made for interpreters, since the sign
language does not work here, and, as stated above, the two
interpreters allowed MUST serve the office first and the general
administration
of the superintendent.
A8 has been pointed out in former Anmal Reports, the placing
of additional employees at the disposal of the superintendent
