Page# 7.concern each year. Extended investigations show that artificial reseeding of the semi- desert to native forage plants orto any other forage is impracticable and prohibitive in cost.Some successful experirents are being made with the chamiza,white sage, but because of the little available seed, thereis little promise for open range restoration. While range depletion and denudation show more and more with the years ofover- grazing, the desert range has a most surprising recoveryin favorable years. This fact prompts the suggestion of demonstration plots on the various jurisdictions, object lessons inrange control and recovery. Small plots of about one- tenth acre,four rods square, inclosed with a good substantial gatelessfence along the traveled roads and on ranges of different classand densities would serve as object lessons in range restorationand would enlist employees and Indians in the study. The plotsYould call for little outlay and would carry lupressions thattalk and lecture might fail to convey.On each furisdiction some stockanen have excessive members.The large surplus of horses belong perhaps to less than ten percent of the Navajo families. The cattle are in the hands of asmaller number. The sheep and goate are more generally and equitably distributed but there are a few flockmasters with thousandsof sheep and goats. With reasonable range control the Navajo rangecould support seven hundred fifty thousand sheep and goats or theequitalent without à etriment to the forage growth. This mimbercould mean but a hundred sheep to the seven to eight thousandfamilies. Not all families have sheep nor will some of thera everdo so, yet there seems a possible injustice in allowing a fewflocknasters to carry two three and four thousand sheep withcattle and horses in like proportion. One thousand improvedsheep with range and breeding practice common to the Navajo shouldgive annual return of two thousand five hundred to three thousanddollars, ample for family support. A family with that in omeshould be sufficiently progressive and appreciative to know hisindebtedness to his fellow tribesmen. Without the semblance ofpenalty to progress these successful flockmasters could be assesseda reasonable grazing foo on all stock excoeding a normal mumberpromising a reasonable family income. The return from such grazingfees could be expended on rangeimprovement and water development.There is growing interost in better hone life among the Navajofolk and there is promise for more interest through the better developmont and better range control and improvement. When thesefamilies solect suitable location, make the necessary developinentto insure water for home and stock, and each with a small gardenand two to three hundred improved sheep reasonably well managed