- 5-
this report of Dr. Carrow' s which should have careful consider
ation by your office. Our hospital is not equipped for attend
ing to the medical work of the jurisdiction, as noted by Dr.
Carrow. Every physician has been handicapped because of lack
of equi pment. The dormitory which has been converted into a
sanatorium is not suitable for such a purpose, and the confine
ment cases in the village are handled in a manner which would
not be approved by the Bureau of Public Health. If the medical
Work of the reservation is to be handled in a proper manner
adequate facilities should be provided and these are sadly lack
ing here.
With reference to the sanatorium: we have been promised a survey
in order that a definite decision may be made as to the handling
of the medical work here and it is to be hoped that this will be
made upon as early a date as possible.
If we could have a hospital adjacent to the Zuni village, as
recommended by Dr. Carrow( one equipped for operative cases and
where confinements could be handled) it is believed that instead
of the great proportion of infant mortality which now exists, as
well as the large number of deaths of the mothers which occurs
continually, all of this could be reduced to a minimum. Because
of the fact that confinement cases are considered as some sort
of religious ri te which must be handled by the medicine women
in a certain manner which accords with such rites, it will re
qui re not only a good hospital where proper care can be given
but much diplomacy and tact upon the part of the field nurse and
the physician in overcoming this attitude upon the part of the
Zunis.
SECTION IV
There is attached here to and made a part of the Narrati ve Section
a report by Mrs. Clara B. Gonzales, principal of the Day School,
upon the educational features of the jurisdiction. It is to be
hoped that funds may be provided for the recommended day school
at Ojo Caliente which can be made the entering wedge for perma--
nent settlement there. It has taken years of work upon the part
of the government employees here who are in touch with the Indi
ans to bring the settlers at Ojo Caliente to a realization of the
advantages of a day school at that place. While strongly opposed
to this a few years ago, they are now asking for this day school
and it is hoped that not only this can be secured but that a day
