Naomi Cata: Mom and Dad thank you for always supporting and showing me the right path.
Thank you Damian, Nathaniel, Marlean and Brother for always encouraging me to do good in
school. To my Auntie Clara for listening to me when I needed to talk. Thank you to all the
teachers that made SFIS feel like home. To my homies Alicia, Mena, and Meto without you guys
I don' t think I could have made it. To the “ Class of 2006 ” Always keep your heads up and I
hope everyone finds what they want in life. Much Love Omi ‘ 06
Tracy Charlie: I like to say congrats to the class of 2006! Thanks for all the laughs and memories.
Thank you mom, dad, and family for being there. Thanks to all my friends Jessie, Neetz, De Dios,
Band- Aid, Lilah, Melda, Alfie, Kevin& YB2 crew thanx dudes! The teachers, Sallah, Craig, Mrs.
S, Phelps and all my friends thank u. Doc thanx a lot. Also my coaches, Kal and Paul, for teaching
me to present myself as a Lady Brave, thank u. To accomplish great things, we must not only act,
but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.- Anaiole France
Evonne ChasingHawk: I would like to thank my mom and family for always being there. I thank
То
my friends Jackie, Bird, Chickie and Marv for helping me through all the hard times. I thank all the
friends I didn' t mention for all the good times we had. I would like to thank the staff and teachers
ne for their support. I would like to thank my boyfriend Darrell for always being there for me, I love
It! you! To the class of 2006 I would like to say reach for the starz. Take care and I wish you all the
best in life.
Katella Chavarillo: This has been the best six years of my life. I would like to thank all the staff
here at SFIS who gave me the motivation I needed to get through high school especially Paul,
Guerin, Seath, and many more. I would especially like to thank my loving parents Anthony& Anita
Chavarillo for always being there to comfort, love, support, and encourage. And to my homies
down south Mooch, Bree, Jen, Age, Mae, for always being there to help me through rought times
and through happy times. Yo- Sa. To my fellow seniors what can I say? “ WE MADE IT. ”
Janine Chinana: Congrats! To the Class of 2006! Thanks to all the people that made
my years here fun. Adrianne, Jenny, Giselle, and Err. Thanks for all the “ good Times ”. To
those that I didn' t name thanks for the" CRAZY TIMES ”. To my coaches Johnny,
Coach Kel, Coach Paul, Coach Seatha, Coach Patrice and Coach “ G ”, thank you for
always pushing me and for all your yelling it was worth it. Thank you class of 2006 for
the best years! Hope to see you guys in da future! LSER- Janine
Chris Chinana: The 4 years of my high school life have passed so dam fast. I only
remember little parts of it. But during those passing years, everyone has helped me get
through. Mainly my mother and grandfather. But it' s finally time to leave, everyone, this
place. So good- bye to my buddies, my special friends and to all the cool teachers. I just
hope you all do as well as I did and hope to see you out in the world!
Christopher Coriz: Wow, I mean wow. I am finally graduating from this school I call home. I
would like to thank all my family and friends. My family thanks to both my mom and dad, also both
my grandmas. Then my friends, Marcus Joe, Jr. Romero, Socks, Leon and Malcolm. Tasha,
Elvina, Lailani, Diane, Celina, Rosetta, the middle school twins, both Jr. sisters, Amanda L. and
anybody else that I know but don' t know. Goodbye all my head banging friends that like to rock, I
will see you when I return for after school activities.
