25A No, in my answer to that I did not refer to the gross amountof the award, but to the average amount of the award per aorfor the lands actually listed in the tracts whiоh, in theopinion of the Board, might have been recoveredQ Yes. You used the same average value as to theA Practically.Q I understood you to say Just a few moments ago, in answer toMr. Fraser' s question, that most of the land tavolved in thisproceeding, that is the land which was onltivated and the Indiant1tle to Whion was extinguished, was irriga blo, under attah,40 or 50 rpgNo, I don' t think I stated that definitely I said we aid notknow Well, yes, that it was irrigablo not necessarilyirrigatedQ And has continued so down to the present time? In other wordsthat it is now cultivated as shown by this tabulationYesConsidered as such land under d it on and irrigable but notactually onltivated, what, in your opinion, would be the presentvalue or that lend per acre at this time and not as of 40yearsagoMr. ramer: Isn' t that all shown in the table and in the report;unless the Governor' s opinion a1fters from those papersA I should think I would rather refer to our report. It isalmost impossible to make aMr. hy I think, if there is no objection to the questi on, itat Bint Bastated.Mr. Fraser It you wish me to make a formal objection, it is not thebest oridance 1 object to the questi on as asking for something that is not the best vidence, because the answer hasalready been reduced to do oumentary force in the report andtals already in evidenceMr. Hagerman: It is very difficult to answer the question becausethere are somany different classes of land that might begrouped as irrigable, but if you ask the general value ofirritable land in that Puable that is not now irrigated,I would say around 126 An BorgMr. ranrs That is not now irrigatedMr. Hagermann: It is irritable. It may be that is undor at ohand susceptibleof immediate irrigation by the present a tehesMr. Fahy I would like to clear the Method wia by the Board atarriving at the$ 85 per hereYou as I understood you toto stify this morning fixed upon that as the Board' s opinionof the value as ot some approximating 40 or 50 years ago.Is that correct?YesQ You a 1a not take the present value and separately deduct theimprovements there in? But you did that by fixing a value of40 or 50 years ago?I answered that several times to the otfoot that wn were fouring in the terms of present values, but in order to reach thos.terms of pregnant values we took as the basis of fleur th....Ninier onthsniled ineland value in the interim, whilohmDo it 10. 00Oment. 11 d you inelude in that insane? ineludthe nereas in the brigation?I think I attempted to do sers be that this morning. The twoalonents one or mfah was as attood in the San Juan for Ortand one in this port, and. CTE FELOmnila increase in values under that 10thit or no accounted for in the actual improvements due toagricultural aotivition