TEQUAYOPage 9ACTIVITIES-SCHOOL ACTIVITIES AND SPECIAL ENTERTAINMENTSDuring the year of' 32- 33, the Santa Fe were “ Christmas Around the World" by Mrs.Indian School was favored with many delight- Barnum' s 6th grade," The Puritans ” by Missful hours of special programs, impromptu Baltz' 7th grade.stunts, and various social activities.Our music department is more fully organOur Sunday Evening Assembly Calendar ized than ever before, and favored us with deopened early in September with “ Our Yester- lightful performances by the band, orchestra,days", a spectacular pageant- play of Coronado, and boys' Glee Club.Pueblo Indians, and ancient Santa Fe cast by The" Movies ” were few and far between,Mrs. Brannon' s 11th grade. This play opened but those we had were highly appreciated. Thethe way for other plays based on the Indian Forestry Department from town, and an intertheme, and following it came the" Mayan Feast" esting young lady photographer from Newcast by Mrs. Clark' s 10th grade and Miss Jones' Zealand gave us some beautiful scenes of Na8th grade;" People of the Long House ” by Mr. ture and Travel.Kramer' s 8th grade, and “ The Indian Sav Our school year was crowded with socialior" by Mr. Warren' s 9th grade. These dramas activities — the usual Saturday night dances,were supplemented by two programs of lighter with special parties for large and small groupsvein based on Indian theme — the clever marion- being the main diversions. The Hallowe' enette show which was well done by Miss Dunn' s party opened the season followed by informal5th grade, and the" Irish- Indians" that seem to parties sponsored by the Tewas, Taos, and Navabound in Miss Quigley' s 6th grade. Several ajo groups. New Year' s Eve, St. Patrick' s andtimes during the year Mr. Durand entertained Pre- Lenten dances were novel affairs. Pennydifferent groups with Indian legends. All of dances as benefits for the football, basketballthis speaks for the decided popularity of Indian and school paper organization were on the soprograms.cial calendar. Thanksgiving Day, Christmas,The Girl Scouts," Uncle Benny Hyde ”, Mrs. and Easter found turkey and chicken to helpSmith' s 5th grade, and Girls' Building gave us tempt the palates. Also several more formalprograms that were different and clever. dinners and banquets were given for the variAmong the more conventional entertainments our athletic teams and student organizations.