o
6-1142
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
Anmal
Report
UNITED STATES INDIAN FIELD SERVICE
Southern Pueblos
Albuquerque, New Mexico
July 1, 2925.
OF
INDIAN
AIR
JUL
6
-
1925
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C.
Sir:
The annual report of the present superintendent could cover
only the last quarter of the fiscal year, for a change in
administration was made April first. The three months have been
given to getting acquainted with the work and conditions, attempt
ing to get the back work brought up to date, some of which has been
Veft unfinished for a long period, and to making plans for much
improvement which we hope to make.
It is quite evident that there has been too many changes in
the administration here. We do not often find that one man will
carry out the plans and work started by another. The Indians have
just become acquainted with a superintendent when he has gone and
they have to begin anew to present their troubles and problems
which cannot be profitably handled by any one but the superintendent
and he should know the customs, conditions and limitations before he
can act intelligently upon some matters which are different from
those at any other jurisdiction. At councils at every pueblo this
was brought up by the Indians and without knowing what kind of an
administration might be given, they expressed the desire that I
remain with this work.
We feel that in the three months that creditable progress has
been made. One could not ask for a better class of people to deal
with than the Pueblos under this jurisdiction. Each pueblo has
its characteristic difference but this is not as marked as reports
had generally stated or intimated.
The one important question heretofore has been land titles and
with the Land Board beginning to function under the Bur sum Bill
there seems to be a spirit of optimism which it is believed is
characteristio of this people.
While being crowded from all sides with various problems I do
not believe that any three months in the last twenty years in this
work have been enjoyed more. Employees seem to be of a very high
class in general, willing and helpful. The Indians are receptive
and appreciative.
GPO
