O
0
1
NARRATIVE REPORT.
Section 3.
Health.
No particular departure from the former average
conditions marked the general health situation during this
past year. The winter was rather mild, and the number of
acute bronchial and pulmonary cases was less than during
the several years preceding. The Influenza- Pneumonia Pan
demic of the year 1918-1919 undoubtedly left many of its
victims in a weakened condition, and particularly in those
cases of Pulmonary Tuberculosis that had been quiescent for
several years, indications of new activities in the disease
was noted, and several of the cases of Tuberculosis that
proved fatal during the past year were undoubtedly hastened
by the after effects of the Influenza.
There were no epidemics of infectious or contagious
diseases during the past year. Quite a few cases of Scarlet
Fever occurred in two adjacent Mexican villages, but no cases
appeared among our Indians.
The general sanitary conditions obtaining in the
various Pueblos has been good. The Indians have several days
during the year, when on call by their respective Governors
a general cleaning up is effected. If these clean up days
could be made to occur a little more frequently, the general
sanitary condition would be greatly improved. There is a tenden
cy to allow rubbish and garbage to accumulate for a longer time
than is really safe. Increased facilities for the disposal
of human excreta in the Indian villages is needed, and the
necessity for utilizing such acconodations impressed upon the
population of the villages, more especially the older Indians.
The water supply for domestic purposes is good, but inadequate.
The conditions obtaining within the average Indian home, is on
the general average on a par with sanitary conditions among
their Mexican neighbors,- in a great many cases it is far super
ior. The adobe brick of the Southwest is a most wonderful
provision of nature in providing the Indians with a suitable
house building material at a cost of only their own labor.
The addition of weather proof roofing, and elevated flooring
would malce these homes ideal. Each year we find more houses
being equipped with proper roofing and flooring, and this most
commendable improvement will undoubtedly do much toward decreas
ing the number of cases of rheumatism, tuberculosis, bronchitis,
pneumonia, eto, etc, diseases whose inception and propagation
is facilitated by the dang cold within the homes. In nany of
the homes sufficient doors and windows for sunlight and venti
lation are found. In most of the Pueblos it is difficult to
find a hone that does not have some arrangement for windows
to allow light and ventilation within. However, there is still
room for improvement along this line.
