Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
of reserve tion marriages is very small. It may not be
enerally known nevertheless it is true that the Navajos
have a very clearly defined marriage ceremony of their own
and a very large percentage of the marriages of the juris
diction are performed in conformity therewith. The prelim
inary arrangements are all made by the parents and Kinsmen
of the contracting parties and, when completed to the sat
is faction of all, a feast is given during which the actual
ceremony is performed There are very few people on the
jurisdiction living together as husband and wife ho have
not had their union solemnized by the state law or by tribal
custom. The Navajos do not look with favor on a union that
has received no solemnization
All misdemeanors and offenses except those of a serious
nature are handled by the Indian Court consisting of two
judges, the police force and the Superintendent This Court
sits on the Last day of each month and remains in session
until all matters brought before it have been disposed of
This usually requiros the better part of two days and
occasionally there is a little" hang over into the third
day. Everything is done me thodically and in order and the
conclusions reached and the sentences meted are usually
satisfactory to all parties concerned even to those most
vitally interested
There are five religious or ganizations operating on
this jurisdiction. Heretofore, there have been but four
but during the past year the Roman Catholics have kept a
Inman with headquarters at Waterflow, N working among
the Indians. As this man almost never visits Shiprock this
office knows nothing of the nature or scope of his activities
Aside from this there has been but little change in the
situation during the year. The Rev. T. P. Brink, formerly
stationed at Toadlena is now located at Farmington. He is
still actively engaged in mission work on the reservation
the only difference being that, whereas formerly his activities
were limited largely to the T oadlena District, he now covers
the entire jurisdiction, Mr. Bring was succeeded at Toadlena
by the Rev J. C Kobes The Presbyterian Mission has strength
ened its force at Shiprock by the addition of two assistants
Other than these the year has brought no changes so far as
I have learned
