Garridean Coriz: I thank all the people who supported me over my years here. To the
teachers who pushed us to the limit. To coach Rod, thank you for believing in us as athletes and
as students. To coach “ D ”, thank you for being a big brother. To my mom and big sis Rae- Rae,
thanks for the guidance. To the rest of my family and my buddy Shorts, thanks for the laughs,
love you like a brother. To my friends, thanks for the laughs and good times we shared. To OJ,
Dan, Jake& Robz, thanks! 2006! HANH!
Jamerson Coriz: I really don' t know what to say besides thanks ” to all the people who helped
and pushed me to get where I' m going to be on June 2nd. I like to thank my mother most of all
for always being there for me when I needed help. To “ miss air force l ’ s ” thanks for being there
for me and always giving me someone to talk to. And to the top right corner of the gum during
the assemblies ’ thanks for the laughs it' s been fun. And thanks to my family Craig, Phelps. Rocky
man, rest in peace. “ It' s been a hoot" Outs
Jocelyn Creager\: The years have past, with great laughs. Yeah we all had our good and bads, but
the good thing is we learned from those choices. Thanks Nicole for giving me all the laughs when
needed, I love you. Amanda I' m here for you no matter what. Thanx Nyna, for pushing me forward in
life. Mae, thanx for the memories. Mom I love you so much I wouldn' t have done it without you. Dad
I love you too, my grandma I love you for pushing me all the way. 2K6 Baby all the way we made it.
Party time!
lo
fo
la
Robert Cruz: First of all, I would like to thank all of my teachers who helped me through the
unforgettable years here at SFIS, especially Ms. Gullibert and Coach Rodriguez for always pushing me
to do my best. And now a big thanks to all of my friends and fellow seniors for all the laughs we had
during the years. Grover, Shorts, Deez, Janine, Jenny, Gizz, Err, and Weezy, you guys are the best!!
And a big thank you to my HONEY for always giving me that extra lift I needed. Congrats to all the
seniors of 2006!!
Nicole DeDios: Without JC, Anita, Tray, Alfie, Mal, Jazz, Yummy and Delilah, SFIS wouldn' t have
been the same. Thanx guys. I' ll never forget you, Jamerson. Thank you, Arbrey, for the laughs, the
unconditional love, and for standing by my side. I love you babe. Thanx Bailey, Jeff, Jenn, Phelps,
Mrs. S, Coach Rod, Doc, Craig, and Gulibert for the motivation. Without my mom, Frances, Nette,
and Tony I wouldn' t be here. I love you guys. Above all I must thank my Papa, you are my inspiration
in life. Congrats 2K6 its been fun, good luck.- Memories to last a lifetime
I
Amelda Garcia: First I would like to thank the class of 2006! Then my parents thanks I luv you!
Most of all I want to thank Mal, Jaz, Delilah, Janine, Noel, Jamerson, Alfred, ur# 1, to everyone who
are my friends thanx for everything good luck and be kewl... live strong... I guess I' m out- Melda
m
Raymond Garcia: A shout out 2 all my teachers I had in da past: thanx 4 bein there wen I needed
ya! 2 my homies: Zeke, J- Roc, Mae, 9a, Pudge, JeRMi, Age, Jenny and any1 else I left out. Thanx 4
da laughs. To my moms: thanx 4 bein there wen I needed u da most, I luv ya! Oh& U too, sweetie,
thanx 4 bein there& believing in me, I luv ya 2! Well I' m out ya' ll... class of 2K6 4ever... oops my
bad SENIORS, good luck 2 u in da future. PeACe!
100
