DEPARRENT OF THE INTERIOR
INDIAN SCHOOL, SERVICE.
V. S. Indian Industrial School,
Sar: ta e, New Mexico, April 16, 1901
lár 3. Lillian
E. Joim son,
Thornton
, New Mexico,
di ad an;
In order to i this office was forme just, satismate of the
relative merits of the different methods of educator, reikan otvaren
and the value of those methods{ n tastr watson. af deres affects upon
the shar sac ter and life or those who haearanded as reservation and
no 1. » reservation schools, you are directed 1. 5EDALYPON RECEIP To!
this circular to make a careful canvas" at ettes pupils from
sonreservation ac hocis now living in the A4 eto your charge, and
upon the accompanying blank give their wears et paard om as indic
ated on same. You wi, 11 De carefu.] to asserleri
sst Emate of
their character and conduct with reforsee te w
| Ues of their edu
cational course at the school at tanders
E. mus in
their arbitrary 36n36, as follows:" P4
/* ping pap1 has
not been, so far as his 11fe and set a te tange, h, San amy manner
Paſited by the education which the Greer het oves:* Fair,"
that while the results or his educam ne pas Liey have
yet raised him somewhat aðNove the War Onekares 86 tager sanne enviran
ment;" Good," that the returned stads has cases en Graa of the
advantages and facilities given in the seheel lagic' e that he hay
be said to compere favorably with white pops and a started 3ini ia
circumstances, that his course of 18 t. d as tioms rues ies, return to
the reservetion indicate that his gee is that of the ver age white
man;" Excellent," that the results of the aduente na metods in his
particular case have demonstrated that he has, kasu 1 advantage of
tem, and that he si ands out above the ar Gage a 19 tu med students, and
would be$ 1. assed it in a white neighborhood, as a man elevated somewhat
above those with whom he is brought in contaet.
For the sake of comparative data, you will also ascertain and report
in like manner upon such advanced papils who have attended, and who now
from any cause, are not in as, tendance upon reservation xexeat boarding
and day schools. You will accompar y this report with a statement as to
the facts or conditions existing in the tribe on the reservatdan or in
its environments that generally he ip or hinder returned pupils,
In filling the columns on the blank, you will use abbreviations as
follows: For sex," V" for male,"" for female; for married single, or wig
owed, the initial letter at each. In the colunan" Graduated state wheth
er the pupil graduated from the Institution which he attended. You will
al se state whether the pupil is sui tivating any land.
y cut
to
Colt
Cse
i
Noul
Turis
,
Very respectfully,
(
) SAYue
, Santa
Claus
Kolo
TCnuarye
Jao
antia
,
