3. The da da
4. Leoby Loo
6. The inlberry Bagh
6. Banting wo 11 00
7. The hou, kolly Ho
8. Yo'11 All clap Hando fogother
9, I Washod My Handa Ako Thia
Folk Dancer
1. Jhoamnker Dance
2. Children'a
polka
3. lap Dano.
4. Dance of Greding
Rhythma played on the piano or viotrola were dramatised. Thoso
rhythmo included maaio for Okapping, running, hopping, galloping.
walking, walking. Jumpide, swaying of the trio., 690- ia, wlagins,
and olopping
.
other musie Latorprotod inoluded laat and slow, and sort and lond
maslo, naroning 11ko bis ao141or., marching 10 toj solador., tripping
Uko talries, Jumping rope, gallopping like horses, and walktas 11.35
airforaat animals, a tho bear alophant,
iltti. ndoo
and other namhal..
Rhythm was oprono also by playing the lastruments of thortythm
band, Thou. Laatrumento proved to be very popular with dl of tho
ohildren and they chowod and exprossed the best rhythm with these
Snatraments. They loaned the names of all the instruments
and how to
piay bach one, Ploturi door og woro woed instead of male.
III. Appreciation
2. singlag
2. Rhythm Play
3. Listening
1, singing of gonga beautifully which was softly with clear pro
manolation and good tono quality was stressed rather than loud harsh
tono.. The spirit of the song expressed
by the words was omphasised,
We 10stcard only to the soprano volo. because the children's
Toloo at
thi. timo ar. all soprano atoopt the few who warı older. Some of the
songs that worı heard on tho vlotrola mero first learhed 10 class, The
songo vero then heard sung or played by some familiar instrument as
the note, violln or trumpet.
2. Participating
in the rhytha band and playing familiar masia
accompanied
by th viotrola or plano gave the childron moh pleasuro
as well aa helping than to follow their leader. Thoy leeraed
to
cocperate with rest of the band and also to later to thoir orin aie.
3. The music giran for listening was releted to the child's own fam
111er moods and oxperiences
. How to boheve when wsio is playing, was
otr essed 11 during the yoar.
