were example of their studied application to agriculture,
but likely the seven year stores in the comment were the
surplus of four and five years rather than
Tield Crops
one. Seed selection, nest- seeding, and
shallow cultivation promised best return,
and so under circumstances and conditions
as then obtained, they attended their corn
as best they could for it was their religion to do it well
since corn was the gift of the Great Spirit to the Pueblos.
In 1850 the first Indian agent for New Mexico, James
S. Calhoun, after commending the Pueblos for their industry
and self- reliance, insisted on governmental guidance and
support in measure to insure their advancement. Forty years
later the Indian agent wrote,
" In all that has been done for the Pueblo Indians,
there has been little change-- slight abrasions as
on the rock."
The cost of the military in waging the forty wars and
surveillance between time closely approaches a billion dollars;
civil expenditures for Indian administration, support, health,
education, etc. since the birth of the nation approximates
$ 800, 000, 000, yet in fairness and justice there is much to do.
Policies change with the decades and oftener
Indian
and no one policy offers solution. What has
Appropri
been done may be under- estimated by those who
ation
would make more rapid strides toward their full
fledged citizenship. Whatever the hope, policy,
and effort, the conceit of progress mellows with
analysis. Those who have been long in the work, weighing
success and failure of their little part in the problem, are
neither extravagantly hopeful nor discouragingly pessimistic.
The Pueblos are quiet and tractable, born and reared
in community spirit. There is little thrill in the sense
of individualistic possession and few' seek riches, though
extreme hunger seldom obtains so long as any
one has stores or subsistence. The influence
School
of school training is particularly noticeable
Influence
in the material things in the home-- modern
farm implements are meeting with growing use
and favor in the several pueblos. Education
creates new needs and new horizons, satisfied only by new
application and new activities. The pueblos have long been
favorable to schools and it is interesting to know that the
