Hopi 11.
ㅓ
11. The efficiency of the employees of this reservation
is about 80 per cent, we having some employees who are
not good. Next year, on account of changes, we believe
we will be able to get a higher efficiency. I want to
state that the Indian employees are first- class,
making a higher ratio in efficiency than the whites as
a body.
b. The Day Schools, because of their isolation, have no
relationship with public schools.
12. The Day Schools of this reserve are of a high order,
probably the very best in the Service on account of their
efficiency. Our Community and Health Work is of a high
order and has the interest and co- operation of the
older inhabitants of the Hopi Villages and Communities.
These schools are doing a great work among the Hopis and
when we get them working up to and through the sixth grade
they will at their maximum efficiency. The only complaint
the Hopis make now is that their children have to be
transferred to outside schools before they finish the
sixth grade.
13. Our Health Work, Community Work and taking up the
Native Industries the past year has added impetus to
the interest and influence of these schools in the
homes of the Hopis.
14. There is no detrimental sentiment in the Hopi Com
munities as to intermingling of the races.
15. The past year has seen many small improvements, both
in the physical condition of these plants and in the
school work and they reached a high standard. The past
yoar we added water works to the Second Mesa, Chimopovy,
Oraibi and Hotovilla Schools and those big and necessary
improvements along made these school properties far more
efficient and creditable than ever before. These water
works also aided the Indian Communities nearby in
many ways. The want of water, or the hauling of water by
teams, done in the past, has always been a very serious
handicap to both villages and schools.
16. Our playground equipment at these Day Schoolsand
at the Navajo School is first- class. Wo need a little
more at the Navajo sohool, which we will get this year.
I found sons iderable here, stored for years, which I
put in place for use the past year.
No systematic supervision has been given on this
equipment. The teachers help as far as they can. The
stud onts continually use the equipment.
