DAnnual ReportLaw& Order- 13Santa FeSchoolat issue is as to whether the land between the old river bed andthe present one belongs to the pueblo or to the plaintiff. Ananswer has been filed for the defend ants by the Special Attorneyfor the Pueblo Indians, and the case will be tried at the nextterm of court for Rio Arriba County.Pueblo of San Ildefonso vs. Romero, et alThis is a case brought to quiet title up on the San Ildefonsogrant. Owing to lack of funds to make the necessary surveys, thecase has only been carried to the point of serving some of thesquatters on the land. As soon as funds are available,necessarysurveys will be made and the case brought to a conclusionTrinidad Baca, et alV SUnknown heirs of Jacinto Palaez, et alThis was a suit brought to quiet title upon the La Bajadagrant and the Cochiti grant. Clai man ts had set up a claim to alarge portion of the Cochiti grant. Intervention on the behalf of the Indians has been filed, and so much of the land aswas in conflict between the Cochi t grant and the La Bajadagrant has been determined to be outside of the latter grant andthe property of the Indians. According to the report of the ref.еrеee, which was filed some time ago, in addition to the land inconflict between the two grants, the Indians also claim title toa large portion of the La Baja da grant by virtue of an ancientdeed executed by the owners of the grant in the year 1738. Owingto the fact that the deed has never been recorded, and that therewas a judicial partition of the grant made in 1804, it is quiteprobable that the Indians will not be able to prevail in thisclaim. However there has been no decision on this phase of thequestion as yet.Pueblo de Santo Domingo, an incorporation,vsRiviera, et al.This is a case brought to quiet title upon the Santo Domingogrant, and some evidence has been taken, especially with ref.erence to the Mexican squatters at Sile, which is near the westernboundary of the grant. Considerablevaluabletestimonyhas beenintroductd, and at the presenttime as far as the sile conflict