26- HopiGENERAL COMVIENT:Scab Eradication:-- Reports from Dr. Covington, incharge of the Sheep Dipping and Scab Eradication work, from theBureau of Animal Industry, show that we have virtually cleanedup the scab on this reservation. Now the work will be to keepthe reservation clean, and this we will do by dipping all bandswe find with scab. A close inspection will be made frequentlyto find these scab- infected sheep. We all feel here that if itwere not for the infected districts along our boundaries, fromwhich our bands are being continually infected, we would be ableto keep free from this disease. As long as these reservationsadjoining us are infected and sheep cross our boundary lines wewill be fighting the introduction- not scab on this reservation.We find by close inspection and keeping tab on infection, thatthis introduction is mostly by medicine men, who ply their tradein other districts, being paid with sheep, and those sheep areplaced in his herd or flock, without our knowledge and withsubsequent grief to us. The last few bands we have dipped withscab have all been owned by medicine men, I feel that we willhave to penalize these men, if they do not stop this practice,by charging them for all dippings we have to make of their bandsaccount of scab infection. Medicine men are hard to control.Census:-- Every year we try to improve our census ofboth tribes. This year we put two men in the field in an earnestendeavor to get our Navajo census right down to date, all thebirths and deaths recorded and to catch our Navajos not at homewhen we took the census. We, in this way, have added about threehundred Navajos to the 1931 census.Home Improvement:-- This work has a continual healthygrowth, noticable all over the reservation, and it must be reportedthat there are no reimbursable funds used in the construction ofthese homes. They are all paid for as built. This is an excellentcondition; one we are proud of. Many more Indians are locatingpermanently away from mesas and water and developing additionalwater themselves on their places. We furnish cement, piping andvalves for this work.Office Help:-- For several years this agency has beenseverely handicapped through insufficient office help. I am gladto report that through the assistance of Auditor Pohland and theOffice we have a principal clerk but we still need one more clerk,