• 5-purchased and distributed to the Navajos for the breeding of theirflocks. This year we have purchased three hundred fifty purebred ramsand twenty bulls which will be placed on the range this fall. Duringthe season we have purchased five good grade jacks which have beenplaced at advantageous points and I feel that next spring the Navajoswho have availed themselves of the opportunity to use these breedinganimals will have a nice start in mule colts. We have also purchasedthree high grade stallions for the use of the Navajos. It is hopedthat funds will be available next year to increase the number of jacksand stallions enough to make it possible to place one of these animalsin each district on the reservation. It is not our policy to attemptto make range animals of either the jacks or stallions but to placethem where they will be used during the breeding season and then bring· them back to the agency where they will receive proper care as soon asthe breeding season is over.Every effort has been and is being made to provide as muchwork as possible on the reservation and wherever possible Navajo laboris used exclusively. Roadwork, ditch work, building of tanks and digging of wells, hauling of coal and wood, and general building andrepair work have contributed materially to the income of these peopleon the reservation. There are about fifty Indians employed regularlyat the schools and agency. Owing to the scarcity of work off the reservation, the number so employed has been limited. However, quite alarge number have been able to secure employment on highway construction and in the adjacent farming communities. In normal times there isa good demand for the services of Navajo laborers.B. Welfare and Social Conditions,During the past season the prices received by the Navajosfor the wool, lambs, agricultural products, blankets and other productshave been exceedingly low. This naturally has affected their buyingpower and many of them are very hard up but most of the Navajos arein a position to get through the winter without suffering because theyhave their meat supply and sufficient corn and other products for subsistence. This does not mean that they are able to provide themselveswith a balanced ration.There is quite a large number of helpless old people andchildren who are not able to provide for theriselves. It has beennecessary during the past winter, as it will be during the comingwinter to help these people with food and some clothing. During thepast winter a large amount of surplus army clothing was distributed,but unfortunately most of this was for men only. Many of the Navajowomen who received this clothing altered it sufficiently so that it.could be used for both the children and women. If there should be apossibility of securing a further supply of this clothing for the comingwinter it could be used to good advantage because the Navajos havereceived practically no money from the sale of their wool and willreceive very little from sales of lambs this fall. Under ordinarycircunstances the Northern Navajo Indians are wholly self- supporting.It has been the policy of this agency not to discourage this attitude,in every case where anything has been issued to an able bodied N avajohe has been required to perform enough labor to make him feel that hehas paid in full for what he has received.