-23resultin but little or any permanentbenefit. Thethree physiciansand the nurses that are now in thefield are doing splendidwork, and their loyaltyandsincerityand industryunder great handicapscannotbe too highlypraised. The same thing may be saidof some of the agency physicians, who are taking advantageof the presenceof these specialists, but theycannot be expectedto possiblycope with the situationin any large and effectivewey unlessa big programalong the lines suggestedis ina ugurated, and thelonger that is delayed, the more difficultit will beto meet the situation.I realize, of course, that to bring this aboutwill be difficult, but I am constrainedto presentthefects as I see them and as I am convincedthey are seenby those who have been conversantwith the situationmuch longer than I have. There is little or no difference of opinion as to these facts. They stare you inthe face and are fundamentallyincontravertible. Theyare facts with which the people living adjacentto thereservationare now fully cognizantand of which theIndiansthemselvesare fully aware; facts which mustsooner or later be faced.SchsIt is no doubt true that the fear of infectionatthe schoolsis having a good deal to do with the difficulty that the superintendentsare having to secure suf-ficientchildrento fill the schools. The Indiansare,moreover, talkingof the" sore eyes" of their returningchildren, and numbers of them have come to me with thecomplaintthat until their childrenwent to school theyhad no trachome. in ieir families,To just what extentthis is true is, e course, not a matter of exact knowledge, but in any lase the Indians believe that it istrue, and I believit is true to& very great extent.Conditionsin some of the non- reservationschoolsto which the Nava jo childrenare sent are, I believe,no better than in reservationschools. At the TheodoreRooseveltschool they are today much worse. That schoolwas opened before it was anywherenear properlyequipped,and the result is that it has been very unhealthilul.The Nava jos too are strongly convincedthat most of thenon- reservationschools, especiallythe distant onesin Californiaand Kansas, are unhealthyfor them andinduce in them tuberoulosis. That this is true seemsvery clear.This is a large subject which I will notattempt to discuss, but there has been almost endlessdiscussionabout it already, and I only refer to it toagain draw to the Office's attentionthe fact that the