G. Shoon Records.
This past Wintor a form of sheep record containing the essontial date of
the individually owned shoop was devised at this Agency, approved by the
Orrico and forma printod. At present we have the records of the individual
shoop ownors from 1923 to date and this information is very valuable, as the
Office and other Agoncios are continually calling on us for data on the shoop
industry.
1. Horberium
.
A grass pross, folders, blotters and cards have been socurod towards malding
an herbarium of the native rassos, weeds and poisonous plants found on the
Jioarilla Reservation. A number have already been prossed and it is hopod
that by Tall we may have a reprosentative collection of the range vegetation,
I. Grazine Permitteos.
Approxima toly 14, 000 head of sheep and 300 oattle are grazed on Winter
range and with the increase in the numbor of Indian sheep the permitted areas
will be taken over upon the expiration of the permita.
SECTION V. LAW AND ORDER:
Practically the only trouble we have so far as law and order is concerned
is with liquor enforcement. The native Spanish- American people around the reserva
tion, at least a large percentage of them, make moonshine Thiskey which they sell or
trade to the Indians. This is one of the serious handicaps to the industrial prog
ram on this rosorvation. Indians will trade or sell any thing that they possess for
liquot. However, they do not make any intoxicating liquors themselves.
Mr. Jack Low, Special Officor for this District, has given us excellent as
sistance in law enforcement work, The State courts give us very little, if any, sup
port, and the Federal courts are entirely too lenient, the Federal court refusing to
take liquor cases under the old Indian law which has some teeth in it, and prosecut
ing under the Volstead Act.
A Special Officer on this reservation would be of unlimited value to us.
By malang raids at intervals, we have been able to keep the boot- leggers
rather inactive for periods of time, but it is impossible to eradicate this nuisance
without someone spending full time on the projeot,
SECTION VI, REPAIRS, MAINTAINENCE, NEW CONSTRUCTION:
A. Now Water System.
$ 35,000 was allowed us on the last deficiency appropriation bill for the
construction of a new water system, This was an emergency measure in every
sense of the word, The new system is being rapidly pushed to completion,
and when completed, will give us a supply that has long been needed.
B. Repairs to Agency Plant.
General repairs were made to most of the Agency buildings, and as many of
them were painted as savings would permit,
C. Schoolhouse.
Public School house was constructed which was greatly needed.
D. Sanatorium
,
This building was remodeled and most of the children placed on first floor,
