O
clapping, hopping, swaying of the rindmill, the swing, and other rhythmic
movements. The instruments of the rhythm band were also used to express
rhythm.
3. Masic Appreciation: Appreciation of good maio inoluded the
following: singing song. beautifully, listoning and observing descriptive
and rhythmio music, interpreting music through pictures, quiot 11 stoning
for pure enjoyment, listening for a particular thing, and discriminating
between the musical instruments in which they were intorostod.
Second Grados B and C.
1. Roto Songs: Songs of school, nature, special daya, kamo life, and
songs correlating with school activities more learned.
hool activitios were learned. About firty songs
vere included. Individual singing mas emphasized. Esorcisos for correcting
monotonos moro continued.
2. Roading Songs: During the latter part of the year, an introduction
of the start was made through reading songs. Other musical terms included
elet, measure, bar, note, rost, and time signature. Ereeoises using the
musical ladder were used. After learning the simple structure of music,
sevaral tunes were made to the poems that were rad in roading class.
3. Rhythmic Development: Rhythm was expressed through singing
games, fols dancos, songs ozprossing rhythm, rhythm band, and intorproting
music played on the vietrola or piano.
4. Music Appreciation: Appreciation of good music vas carried out
through listening to music of descriptin and rhythmic types, quiot mate,
and the music of the different instruments. To appreciate good music,
the singing of songs in a beautiful and pleasing mannor was emphasized.
Third, Fourth, and Tirth Grades-
1. Roto Songs: Songs of school, nature, seasons, holidays, and other
songs of interest were learned. Phrasing, onunciation, pronunciation and
posture woro emphasized. Good tono quality was also strossed.
2. Rhythmic Development: Rhythmic development was interpreted through
singing games, folk dances, rhythm band, and songs expressing rhythm.
Music of different types was played on the victrola or piano and this maio
vas interpreted by the ahildren. Through this musio they learned to
recognizo music of different rhythm as four- four, three- four, sir- eight,
and two- four.
3. Notation: Through reading songs the necessary fundamentals vero
learned and used. These included start, bar, double bar, clof, time sig
naturo, key signaturo, sotos and rests and their values, and expression
terms,( f, P, mo, mf, pp, ff, rit.)
4. Music Approdiation: Appreciation of good music included listening
to descriptive and rhythmic maio, quiot muda, music discriminating between
the instruments according to the families of the orchestra; and singing songs
in the most beautiful and pleasing manner as possible. The lives of some of
the composers foro studied. Amorioan composers and musicians were emphasized.
S7 Slachen
.6.
PRINCIPAL
Respectfully entelles Pl. J Chads
