Elisabeth Humphrey: I' d be clueless if not for the amazing individuals I' ve met at SFIS. Thank you
staff: especially Sean Trujillo, Mrs. Salvatierra, the Cammaratas and Pat. To my posse- Antoinette
Mella, Erlene, Rachel, Candace and the G+ T crew- gracias mis amigos, te amo! I also want to send
an enormous hug to the entire Rodriguez family: Amanda, my inspiration and Miguel, my favorite
Cooper Indian. Lastly, congrats to the class of 2006! Reaching this milestone is unbelievable! “ All the
world' s a stage, and all the men and women merely players ”- William Shakespeare
Mallori Johnson: Thnx Shima for everything and for believing in me. Thnx to my outstanding dad,
Vinny- B, F. I. D. O.! thnx to my Ashinni for being my second guardians. Luv you guys! Thnx Rudy for
keeping a smile on my face. Thnx BM6, YBZ, Pres, Lizzhe, Nyna, 24, Alfie, Mommy, Roy, Shorts
and everyone I hung out with for keeping SFIS kewl for the past 6 years. Thanx Coach Rod, Rocky,
Sallah, Phepls, Sean, Burgess and Mrs. S for helping me become a better student. “ wherever you go,
no matter the weather, always bring your sunshine"- A. JD' Angelo. Best wishes 2006!
Antoinette Jojola: 2k6! No doubt... man ol' man. Its been real. I would like to shout out to my past
? love Shorts: I am grateful 4 all the love and laughter, and you being you. I will always have mad love
Hin
for ya. To my grand- funktified buddies: Err, Zil, Josh, Allem, Shnedds, Da BM6 crew, Cajeronuts, Lil
Dad Jamie B and her bro: D. T. B. for getting me grub. For those I didn' t mention, my bad. Thanx for the
laughter, love, and all the crazy memories, yaʼll made tha times gone by tha illest. Stay brown... peace.
“ Let your imagination dance, like nobody' s watchin in a b- boy stance ” – Common
Kara Lente: I' d like to give thanks to my teachers. To Kay, what would I have done without
you? You' re such a good friend to have. Now for you underclassmen, work up to your potential
but put some fun in. Don' t be afraid to strive for the best. I' d like to thank my family for pushing
me this far, my dad, grandmas Bae n Joe. I LOVE YOU GUYS! And to the class of “ 2006 ” we
made it. I wish you all the best of luck in the future. Heck yeah... finally done... I' m out. Class of
“ 2* 0* 0* 6 ”
e
Evan Lesarlley: THANKS mom, you who gives me so much strength to endure the pressure of life
and also for the encouragement, My Love and my heart belongs to you. My dad, for his spiritual
guidance through the past 18 years of my life, I will always love and miss you forever. To Aaron,
Garri and Fro, its been real between me and you guys, thanks for everything you guys were like
brothers to me. Erlene, can' t forget about you as well thanks. Extreme thanks to all my friends, I' m
going to miss all your guys' humor. C/ O 2006 we did it ya' ll. I' m out be easy.
on
Lenora Loretto: Five years have gone by quick and I would like to thank the people who have
supported me throughout the years. To the coaches, thank you for pushing me to show my ability in
running. For the teachers thank you for helping me reach this level of accomplishment. My family for
always being by myside, love ya' ll! And to the class of 2006, wish ya ’ ll the best of luck in your future
goals. This is Nora- A and I' m out of here.
A
me when
Mackenzie Lucero: Well first of all, I would like to thank my parents and brother for encouraging
me. Where would I be without you guys? You guys are the gas to my car, you keep me running. Next
I would like to thank my aunts, uncle B, cousins, brothers and sisters for pushing me to get my
education. Lastly I would like to thank the co- pee- sta and o- wha- was. To the students strive to be
the best that only you can be and always listen to the elder. Chris keep the strawberry gang alive!
I Congratulations to the class of 2006!
101
