1( 4)Hopi Indian AgencyIndustries( continued)( b) About the only loss they have in the stock industry hereon this reservation is in the winter time during severe storms, They haveno cover or pr ot ection for their she ep and during lambing season, if theyhave severe cold storms, they generally have quite a ba nf loss in lambs.It is very hard to get them to run buck herds and to put their bucks inthe flocks at the proper time in order to have lambing season during goodweather. LOSs of cattle is usually in the early spring when they getbogged down in water holes.( c) The Indians do not feed during the winter, except a fewhorses that can be used for freighting purposes. The winter and climatehere are such that we hae all winter grazing, stock run out all duringthe winter season.( a) The outlook for increased stock raising on the reservationis very poor owing to the poor grazing conditions of the rangesThereservation is sadly over- stocked now and the grazing condition seem tobe getting poorer each year. This is one reason why we are trying to cutthe stock and increase quality. One thing that is going to help this condition is we are now testing horses for Dourine and castrating every stallionin an effort to get rid of the useless horses and our efforts to increasethe range for grazing purposes and to have a better class of stock. We feeltoo that this is no horse or cattle country, that their cattle eit her shouldbe improved greatly in quality and cut down in numbers or they should devote more of their energies, finances and time to increasing their sheepactivities. This is essentially a sheep country and these men are sheepmenrather than cattle men. They have no trouble to make money off their sheep.It is getting harder each year to sell their cattle and will be so untilthey are greatly improved in color and quality. We believe it is far betterfor them to put their money into sheep ra ther than cattle.We do not have any stock of white men on the reservation.The Indians ne ed every foot of land they have and all the water they candevelop. Certainly none of these lands should be leased to outsiders.( 1) The Indians are utilizing all their range lands, which meybe added to each year, if we develop water here. None is to be had nowfor storing.( g) The number of high grade sires are sadly deficient. Weinaugurated a plan whereby the traders on the reserva ti on buy bucks selectedby Indians and sell them direct to the Indians. This is having a wonderfulinfluence towards improvement of their sheep flocks. They are very slow tobuy bulls or stallions. I believe the Government should furnish themstallions arter their cooperation in getting rid of their own sma 11 gradesires among horses.