Seniors
Juanito Aquino
Ohkay Owingeh
Well it' s about gosh darn time! I mean six years, they have gone by like a flash
of lightning. Well now my last words to all my peeps from the streets! Finally did
it! Not as one but together, now for departure. First of all i would like to thank
the G- O- D, also my parents for giving me the support and the strength to keep
going. To my little bro, hope I was a great inspiration to you, now for my
friends. From my home girls, to my" hombre" lol. From the dances to school
work, we' ve been there! To my" San Juanettas", love ya guys! oh yea Denver!
Whoa! To my homeslice Chew, going to miss ya girl! To my Mistress! Haha
good times haha. To the two Tesuque chicks! oh yea you are a part of this shout
out! With all the good times we have been through it will be hard to forget each
other. From the laughs to the cries and then back to laughs it had always been
great to know every single one of you. To all the ones i left out you know exactly
what i would say! Now it' s my time to say peace out to the Senior Class! Wishing
you all the best, hope to see you guys in the future, heck even reunion! Weno!
Rose Chavez Santo Domingo Pueblo
Like OMG we did it dudes! Congrats everyone! Lemme start by saying thanks to the besterest parents in the world, I
appreciate all the lil things in life you both have done for me to come this far. I luff you both very much. To my gawjus sisters
n weird brothers... I' ll see you u at home. Kayebird you killed my fish! Anyways, to ma sugahdaddy Domo, I am glad I met
you and yo ja booty. Lol. Tah- lu- la says thanks... Love you babe... Last but not least to ma girlie, ya know who ya are. Words
can' t even begin to explain what you all mean to me. i hope nothing but the best and imma miss all of you. No lie! Nate girl, I
love you like a sister, omg u pissed me off sometimes, lol but i dono what imma do widdout u when I go to state. Na but thank
you Nat for all the funny memories and good times. For the guys especially Glen, va jerk! Always pickin on the phat gurl.
Lol.. jk. Good luck with everything you guys choose ta do. To the staff who' ve made a tremendous impact on my life, Gracias!
Ol- righty well peace!
GAMES
Norma Avitia Navajo
How ya doin babe- z! It' s about that time to spread our wings... hot wings yum!
Thanks a whole lot to my family for always being there no matter how far you guys
were. Everyone of y' all taught me how to do things on my own and put me back on
the right path when i got sidetracked. To my babes. Whoo! You all were fun! tanks
for all the laughs and late nites... I' m going to miss all of you! We' ve had some
awesome times together. To the OG Class of' 09! It' s been an interesting six years.
To the new bees, glad you came and I got to know you. You all are cool. Don' t ever
change and forget who you are. Go out into this crazy world and make something of
yourselves. To my junior babes, keep ya head up, stay on track, it gets tough down
the road... No joke. To C block, ya guys are weird and awesome. To Di, you a ku
chic. Matt T tanks for getting me wet in chem. Verno, Nat, Rose, Dom, Cory, Glen,
Teba, Ray- B, G, Law, D, Sancho, Kirs, punk, Johnny, love ya guys like I love
chinese food. To the" boys," I won' t forget y' all and take care. Don' t be a hurt kid if
your name isn' t on here it goes to you too. Check ya later, check ya later, the one
and only, Enormous
Christian Becenti Navajo, coma and Zuni
First and foremost I would like to thank my mom for bringing me into this awesome world.
She' s my inspiration and my guiding light! Thank you for watching over me! Thanks Matt, for
being there for me when I needed you most. For my best mates in the whole world, thank you so
much for all the laughs, memories and stupid stunts we pulled. To Normz: you showed me how
to be myself. To Gina: our secrets will always keep us laughing. To Rose& Nat: remember our
crazy convos? LMFAO! To Amber, Shenei and Bev: I wish you guys were with me, making
memories. I wish nothing but the best for you! To Vern, Dom, Corey and Glenn: you guys are
crazy. Thanks for the memories! I love you guys so much! To the GROUP: Keef, Skeets,
Vegas, Gene and Chris: thanks for all the laughs. You guys were my dorm buddies. To SEAN
and Rudy: thanks for helping me with my photography. I couldn' t have done any of it without
you! To my wonderful Babs: I' m going to miss you so much. I' ll visit you soon. You' re still the
best! To the AP Crew( Sam, Greg and A- Ray): I' ll miss you guys even more. You stuck with
me for so long! YOu know I still love! ToWanga!: you were always at my side to help me!
Thanks for your support! To Millz: you' re my model and
rock. Thanks for helping me these four years! To the guys who always put a smile on my face: Rock, James, Dennis, Jear Bear, Tris, Harvey, Dird, and Scott!
I' ll miss you guys! Good luck! To the finest of them all, Andrew: kid you always had my back and put up with me. Good luck! Time flys doggie! I' ll miss you!
To my momma DJ PECOS. Dorthy I love you! Thank you for being there for me when I was away from home. To" C": we had some good times and laughs
And thank you everyone that made a difference in my life! Sorry to the ones I didn' t mention, you know I' ll always have you at heart! It' s time to blow this
cookie stand! WE DID IT SENIORS! NOTHING BUT THE BEST- 09! Peeth Out. Cosmo
