SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012I want to thank my family for all their support and for helping me wake up every morning just so I canmake it to my bus. And thank you to my friends who made me laugh and to make class go by faster.Thank you to the teachers who made learning fun by singing a rap. Thank you to Paul who made sureI always went to detention by handing me a slip that says “ You were tardy for this class period ”. Andlastly I want to thank my good friend, Ryan Sanchez. We had many laughs and many trips to lunchdetention together. I will miss you and your food and good luck to the class of 2012. Thank you!Lucinda RosettaClass of 2012, high school has come to an end, but it is only the beginning. We' re all getting ready togo out on our own, but realize we never really are alone. Through high school, we have all met amazing individuals called friends. Our friends were there throughout this whole journey. Friends helpedus laugh off all the bad and kept us going to this, the beginning of our lives. Although we are allgetting ready to separate, the bond of friendship is too strong to be broken by any distance. I thankmy friends for being with me since the beginning. All of my memories in high school are because ofyou. I will forever be indebted to your loving actions and personalities that kept me from giving up.To Lucinda, Antoinette, and Casandra, I love you guys and I will miss you more than I can express inwords. I will miss Lucinda' s crazy actions, sarcastic comments, and hilarious moments most. Thanksfor keeping me from being bored in all of high school. I love you, bro. You' re an awesome person andI couldn' t ask for a better SHP partner. Congratulations Class of 2012, we' ve accomplished high school together.Ryan SanchezFirst of all, we did it SENIORS!!! We' re finally done, and we are going into the real world now. Iwould like to thank my parents because they were always pushing me to succeed and they' re always there for me. I would like to thank my girlfriend Kadesha because she would always be therefor me. She means everything to me and I' ll always be there for her. We both worked together tomake our senior year fun and we had good times being together as one. I would like to say" later ”to my Bro( roommate) Irvin, he was my buddy for the year and we would always have fun moments.Also, “ later ” to my engineering buddies Garren and Ashley. To my SD buddies we would always messaround and play basketball together, take care of yourselves and make the right choices. TAKE CARESENIORS!!!!!!!!Elijah StarSeniors we made it!!" BIG SMILES ”I would like to thank my mommy for making me do my homework, and my dad for making me goto school on the days I didn' t want to. My family is very supportive and always kept me going. I feelready to achieve anything I possibly can, thank you. To the new friends I met, and the same friendsI had from freshmen year, I' m happy we still talk and still have time to hang out with each other.You' re the best. For Jamers, the most amazing person who stuck by my side through thick and thin,you' re the best person in the whole world! I don' t know what I would do without you guys. We madea bunch of memories that will last forever. All I can say is good luck next year seniors!!! Just keepyour head up and do the best you can. THUMBS UP SENIORS!!!!Thiala Suazo2011- 2012 93