Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency.
the conditions
. The whole economic welfare of the Navajo
hinges on WATER. First impressions
re that little water
is available and that little development
is possible
,
Better acquaintance
with conditions
soon proves early
impressions erroneous. A stranger may traverse this desert
for weeks and never find a spring and he may conclude
there
are nona. However, let some one start developing
one spring and the Indians immediately
call his attention
to others and early impressions
are soon modified. There
are neny springs( seep holes, later holes, call them what
you may). As yet, no one knows how many. In their natural
state they are fearently
simply a menace to stoc Stock
is attracted
to them by the SMETT of water and bog
down
and die in an effort to secure it. Properly developed
there
is no mud hole and no wastage of Water every drop of water
that the" hole" is capable of producing is conducted to
a concrete trough where itſevailable
and easily accessible
to stock. The work of developing
these" holes" was begun
in 1924, continued in 1925. and is again being presecuted
this season It is a work that can be accomplished
only
io non- freezing weather.
Nothing has as yet been done about inpounding flood
waters, rains and melting snows either for irrigation
or
stock purposes but it appears that the hour is approaching
then something will be undertaken along this line, for
this office has bat recently received a letter iron lir.
H. F. Robinson,
Supervising
engineer, under whose supervi
sion this class of work is necessarily
done, advising
that,
ith the completion of a water- well now drilling on the
jurisdiction, the policy of his office will be changed,
and, instead of expending large sums annually in the oper
a tion of a well- drilling outfit, all funds available for
wator development
on the San Juan jurisdiction
will be
expended in spring and surface= reservoir development. Mir
Robinson has also assured this office that further ettention
will be
given the matter of placing permanent
diversion
dans in some of the arroyos or washes of the jurisdiction.
The Tndians divert these waters by means of brush and earthen
dams which are carried away by every little freshet and which
cannot be replaced until the freshet has subsided. This
means a tremendous loss of water just at the time when it
is most needed and when nature has made it available. Two
substantial diversions
of this nature have already been
placed and other work of this character
we hope will follow
First impressions
relative to the Hogan have changed
materially. The Hogan is by no means entitled to the sweepin
condemnation
is has received
It is well lighted and well
28
