SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012I would like to thank my mom for always being there for me. I would like to thank my auntiefor braiding my hair throughout my school year, my grandparents for helping me, and finally,for my classmates, homies, homegirls. I' m not saying good bye. I' m saying see you later, andI hope to see in the future. Good luck to everybody, and I hope your college/ career dreamscome true. CLASS OF 2012!!-Terrell BaumgardnerI want to thank my family for the support, lectures, love and inspiration you gave me. You all believedin getting me this far. I love you. To my mother and stepfather who have helped me a lot, I thank youboth for pushing me when I thought I was going to give up. You two have stood by my side throughmy high school years and I don' t know where I would be without you. I love you both very much andthank you for everything. To my friends Andrew, Isaac, Demetri, Justine, Dylan and my main girlsJasmine, Kayla, Alex and Evonne, thanks for making my high school years the best. To my best friendPatrick Valencia thanks for sharing the laughs, jokes, smiles and love. You made my senior year thebest. I love you. To all the teachers, thanks for the help and believing that we can do it. Coaches,thanks for always pushing me and for the advice. To all seniors, through the hard work, dedicationand determination we put into our senior year, we have made it!! J, good luck wherever life takesyou. Underclass, you are almost there, it goes fast so push yourself and never give up.-Sylvia CachiniClass of twenty- twelve, we have officially made it my, seniors! Through the ups and downs,the tears and frowns we have made it to the ending of high school and to the beginning of the realworld! The best way we learn is by making mistakes, so make them, because it' ll help you throughlife with what you' ve obtained from them.First, I want to thank my father, Mr. John Cannon: you never turned your back against me;you were always there with open arms and those very strong encouraging words. Next, to my mom:yes, mamas do know everything and you' ve taught me so much throughout these years. Therearen' t words to express how thankful I am. Next, I want to thank my Five Star: there was never a dullmoment with you guys, always made me laugh no matter what emotion I was feeling. But a specialthanks to Cassie, my sister. We' ve laughed, cried and smiled together, but now we' re about to leave each other to startour own lives. To my boyfriend, Chris, you never pulled me away from my schooling, but always encouraged me to do mybest, I love you. Lastly, thank you to all the caring teachers and staff.- Antoinette CannonWow, where to start... First off, congrats to the class of 2012. We made it! The memories wehave will last forever. Second, I would like to thank all of my teachers for pushing me to domy work in class and not let me be lazy. Third, I would like to give a huge thank you to mygrandparents and Robo; I love you all so much. Thanks for teaching me how to be a better person, encouraging me to strive for all my goals in life and being supportive. Last butnot least, to my homies: Thunder and Jenyce, guys I' m going to miss you so much. I want tothank you for being there for me through the good and bad times and crazy laughs we had.I love you guys like family! To Ramon, Johnny, Martina, Gia, Isaiah, Janielle, and Marquette:I' m going to miss all of you especially all the laughs we had on the bus. My advice to you isto keep your heas up! To my buddies in engineering, math, and chemistry: thanks for all the laughs. I' ll missyou guys! Good luck to the class of 2012!- Ashley Chavez8 8 2011- 2012