OriginalCircular No. 2316.June 30, 1927HOPI INDIAN AGENCYANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVE SECTION5Section ILaw& Order.In addition to the present agency buildings, equipment, etc., we shouldhave a small building which could be used for police headquarters.on accountof the great need for housekeeping and employees' quarters here at thisplace, both at the school and agency, the police heve at present no placeto stay while on duty at the school or agency. At present, we also need&fow agency garages. We have no federal buildings any place near to us whichmight be used or utilized in our work.On account of the heavy work of this agency, especially the paper work,we very badly need an additional clerk or stenographer in the agency office.At present, it is impossible for the superintendent to be out in the field& quarter of his time on account of the heavy desk work of the agency officeand the fact that that work is always never caught up on account of insufficiency of the help. All the help we have are doing fine work.one of the finest things that happened on this reservation this pastyear was the establishing of a special officer's place. We have a very goodman in that position and if that position is continued through next yearand the future, we will have no difficulty at all in meintaing proper orderupon the reservation. Wonderful and very efficient results have been madethrough this man's work already and he has only been her e several months.The best part of his work is that the very best people among both the Nava josand the Hopis cooperate very efficiently with him in the interest of betterconditions.The most serious offen se now committed by our Indians is the refusalof the many of the younger ones to marry legally in accordance with the lawsof the state. If we are ever to accomplish anything towards ultimatelygetting these Indians into state citizenship, we must have better home conditions on the reservation. No progress along that line can be made untilther. is some law which covers misdemeanors of this na ture. Out of my 26years experience in the Indian work comes a decision which leads me tostrongly urge the extension of state laws to govern Indians of this reservation. That is one of the greatest needs of these Indians. In fact, Ithink it is their greatest need, otherwise, they are doing splendidly withtheir living conditions and their progress along educational and industriallines.