-8.Before passing from the subject of accumulation in theHogback field, it will be well to mention an interesting pointin the case of Well No. 4 in that field. This well was drilledin October 1923 and encountered the top of the Da kota sandstoneat a depth of 837 feet, after passing through the 7 foot drysand at 823 to 830 feet. The 82" casing is cemented in theshale between the two sands. Only 5 feet of the main portionof the Dakota was drilled and drilling was stopped on accountof striking a 1200 barrel flow of bitter sulphur water from837 to 842 feet. No sign of oil was found. This well wasallowed to flow open for several months, In December 1923 asmall amount of oil made its appearance in the water, risingin small globules about the size of a pea and breaking on thesurface of the water as it flowed over the top of the casing.A short time afterwards the well was closed in and now wheneverthe valve is opened on the casing after it has been closed infor three or four days, about two quarts of oil can be secured.At the present time no faults are known to exist on theTocito, Table Besa or Rattlesnake structures, although futurework may disclose their presence. Apparently the origin ofthe oil in the Rattlesnake structure has resulted fromslightly different circumstances than in the Kogback field.In the latter field there is absolutely no gas present and thewells flow entirely due to the hydrostatic pressure of thebody of water in the Da kota sandstone back of the oil. InRattlesnake No. 1 well there is no continuous flow as inHogback, although there is enough gas present to cause thewell to flow by heads about once a week. The Hogback oil isa golden araber color when fresh from the well and of about62 to 63 Baume gravity. Rattlesnake crude has a greenishcast to the color and, if anything, is slightly higher ingravity, about 62.4. Well No. 2 on Rattlesnake secured nothing but water of a static head which rises to a point 60 feetfrom the surface of the ground.GENERAL CONDITIONS EFFECTING ACCUMULATION.In attempting to study the different conditions whichmight have had an influence upon the accumulation of oil inthe ship rock region, the probable effect of the numerousvolcanic intrusives and plugs must not be lost sight of. Therock, Shiprock, itself, which is about 4 miles southwestof the Rattlesnake structure, is a tall intrusive plug risingto an elevation of about 1800 feet above the surrounding pla.in.( See Fig. 1) Further south, not far from the Tocito and TableMesa structures, are found similar plugs Imown as the TableMesa Plug. Bennett Peak and ford Butte. Apparently theseplugs were in existence prior to Cretaceous sedimentation, asthe sedimentaries appear to lie perfectly normal aga inst the