STATE OBTIMU
BOIBTHT TATRA
2.
Jicarilla
Indian Agency
Section 4
Industries
Fortunately, these prairie dog villages are localized and are not
generally scattered over the entire field. Poison grain is used each
year to rid the agricultural land of them but by the time another
season has arrived, more dogs have moved in from the hills to occupy
the villages formerly deserted.
With the issue of sheep from year to year, those Indians who were not
previously given an opportunity at self- support.
were started in
an industry which has proven successful with a large percentage of
the Indian population on this reservation. The purchase of addition
al ewes this spring to supplement our tribal flock, starts an in
dus try which it is planned to keep up this industrial effort by issu
ing from the increase of this flock from year to year to those Indians
who have not participated in full of sheep issues formerly made.
This plan if carried out will give those Indians who have small flooks
a chance to increase their numbers and when the issues are all equal
ized, there is no reason why this flock could not be used for reim
bursable purposes to start into the sheep industry young men when they
reach their majority, or become heads of families, so they will have
possessions which if properly cared for and looked after will enable
them to be self- supporting industrious citizens.
At present, we have no reimbursabie debts. From the sheep industry
Indians provide themselves with suitable work teams which are avail
able not only for hauling supplies to their camps and delivering
their products to market but are used on their farms in planting
their fields and harvesting their crops. Many Indians are now
supplied in this way with good teams and they give them good care
during the year.
Practically all their farm land and hay land is under fence.
These
lands are located in the narrow valleys and the hills and timbered
country, which is unfenced,
used for grazing
purposes
.
Indians annually do much road work without compensation. They also
do much water development work without remuneration from the govern
ment. Those who are not financially able to do this work without
compensation are required to work on the road and are paid half
cash and half of the amount credited on the book to pay for seed
and other articles which they may require from time to time. Many
of their implements are also purchased in this way since they do
not have the ready cash to. puro hase articles that are needed.
On the allotted portion of the reservation there are seven lakes,
fifteen small reservoirs built by Indians and numerous springs.
More water must be developed from year to year as the sheep industry
progresses and provision is made in our next year's Budget Authority
