SECTION I.
Industry and Welfare.
A. Industry.
The winter of 1931-32 was the most severe on record and within the mom
ortos of the oldest sottlors. A total of 142 inches of snow foll on the north
half of the reservation, and on the south half, the wintor range, the snow fall
was between siz and oight foot. To add to the rigors of the season on account
of mou fall, we experienced an average temperature during December of 14.6 do
groes below zero, and for January the average ra. 16.8 bolov. The first mow,
which came on the week- end bofore Thanksgiving, ras 48 inches and was goneral
all over the resorvation. This snor roll so early that many of the Indian flocks
were caught in the mountainous north half of the rosorvation, and the problem of
getting those flocks out can only be understood by those with a Imoulodge of the
topography of the country. Many sheop were lost at this particular time, and
those that were savod got through after much privation and hard work on the
trails made by mon on foot through enou raskt doop to shouldor doop. During
this period that was no torage for the stock ozoopt that which could be packed
in on the back of mon. Some of the herds vore dready on the south half, but
these flocks experienced much the same difficulty, except that they did not have
to bo trailed great distancos. Throughout the winter snov toll rogularly, and
the south halt ns struok very hard. Some of the sheep on the farthest south
range suffered the most severe losses. It nos impossible for them to forago
sufficiently, and the roads were so blocked that food could not be haulod for a
long time. During the entire winter shoep kept dying. The conter of the winter
range is some 60 miles by road from the Agency, and all amergency supplies had
to be bauled a considerable distance. The usual winter supplies had been taken
to the winter range in the fall, but these were not mufficient to meet the emer
geney. Trails tore broken opon as quickly as possible, and four horse teams,
tractor and alod, and pack animals vore utilized to move supplies. The moasure
of our success may be indicatad by the fact that no loss of human life was directly
attributable to the severity of the rinter, and that there was vory 13ttle real
suffering among the Indians. The winter's experiencos are detailed to permit ani
understanding of the livestock losses to be reported below.
1. Individually Ommed Shhop. Beforo the end of the winter all living sheep
had been transferred to the winter range, and the experience of the year will be
of value in obtaining earlier seasonal movement, for the Indians have learned the
reason for our endeavors to got thom to more earlier. Due to the conditions out
lined above the losses in this class of sheep approximated 72 per cent of their
flocks. I am glad to be able to report that Congress has appropriated$ 50,000 to
be used for replacement of a part of the sheep lost, the issue to be on a tribel
reimbursable basis this coming fall.
We continued the policy of instructing and helping the Indians in tying
fleeces and docking lambs. These practices are almost universal on the reserva
tbon now, and this work was the main project of the stocknen during shearing and
lambing season. We all continue this program of supervision and instruction
and I feel sure that the Indians will receive material benefit from the plan.
Complete sheep records, carried back as far as 1923, have been organized
for each Indian family. These give the number of sheep issued, lambs raised,
lambs sold, their value, wool sold and value, and we lambs added to their flock.
These records give us a good basis for developement of the industry and will be
