In Board ing Schools off theReservation,PublicSchools,2526025of the remainingfifteen hundred, it is reasonableto figurethat nearly five hundred are married, mentally and physicallydisqualified, or otherwiseunable to attend any school.A day school has been built at Sanosteewith a capacity ofthirty children. The location was favorable and a basementwas constructed to extend under the entire building making it possible toplace the heating plant, electricequipmentand space for other purposesin this basement. By making a few slight changes in the original planit was possible for us to make space for an additionalclass room ordormitoryroom in this building, with the idea of ultimatelyincreasingthe capacity of this day school to sixty pupils. One room which can beused as quarters for an additionalteacher was added to the plan of theteacherage. With the number of familiesin the Sanostee district it isreasonableto believe we can secure an enrollmentof sixty pupils. Ifthe day school operates successfullythis coming year and we find thatenough additionalpupils can be secured I shall recommendthe establishment of another teacher's positionat this point for the fiscal year 1934.On account of the nomadic habits of the Nava jos the advisabilityof entering into an extensive day school building program is doubtful. The Presbyterian Mission Board have propertiesat Redrock and Teec- nos- pas whichcould be used for day schools, while they are not entirelysuitable, itwould be worth while to make the experimentand ascertainwhether dayschools can operate successfullyin these districts, The Mission Boardrepresentedby Mr. John M. Somerdike has indicted their willingnesstolease these propertiesto the government. If this plan works out successfully we could accormodate180 pupils in day schools, this would add 136to the number of our children for which school accommnodationsare provided. The large number still remainingout of school makes it necessaryfor us to consider enlargingour present boarding school plants as wellas buildingnew plants.The boarding school at Shiprock, known as San Juan SchoolNo. 1, should be rebuilt to accommodatefour hundred fifty pupils.The Toadlena School should be remodeledso that it could accommodatethree hundredfifty. There should be a boarding school for twohundred( in next year's advance estimate) at Teec- nos- nas, and onefor three hundred at or near Farmington, New Mexico, While this willinvolve the expenditureof a large amount of money it is felt that thequickestand most sound plan for placing the Navajos in a position totake care of themselvesis through education,The agency is served at present by two hospitals- a generalhospitalof sixty beds located at the agency and a twenty bed hospitalat Toadlena, fifty miles from the agency.The personnelof the hospitalat the agency consists of onesenior physician, one junior physician, one head nurse, four staffnurses, four ward attendants, one cook, and one assistant cook,The Toadlena hospitalhas a personnel of one physician, onenurse, one cook, and one assistant.