SANTA CLARA
The Pueblo of Santa Clara is approximately twenty
five miles north and little west of Santa Fe, and two
miles from the railroad station, Espanola.
Population,
Grant area
,
17, 366
Elevation, 5300 to 5000 ft. Executive order, 32, 000
Rainfall, 10 inches.
382
Party division in the pueblo with progressives and
conservatives, so called, recognizing different cormninal
affairs malces for contention and misunderstanding. Reunion
is necessary before the best advance can be made, but only
the pueblo can make the adjustment. It cannot be imposed
from without.
Santa Clara is a favored center on the Harvey cer
tourist route. Their pottery is given wide publicity and
good market through this medium and brings considerable
return to the pueblo. The Indian women are expenâing study
and effort for the improvement of this pottery that they
may be revvaried in the increased value of the better product.
The pueblo has about 600 acres under irrigation with
but slightly over two- thirds of the acreage in actual culti
vation. They experience considerable difficulty in the
maintenance and operation of their irrigation systems and
field production is consumed largely by the pueblo and only
a small percent of it is marketeå. Fruit grown on the pueblo
lands, too, is consumed and little of it reaches the maricet.
The grazing area, largely of the Executive Order ad
dition, could support 500 to 600 cattle and possibly a
larger number iſ supplemented by the possible forage
production from their irrigable lands. Some of the timber
on the Executive Order is under sale and some 5, 105, 140
board feet has been marketed with a stimpae of possibly
2, 549, 400 board feet under sale contract. The pueblo has
approximately$ 140, 000 in timber moneys, Puye receipts, and
compensation funds in proposed use of which they are of
one voice. They propose investment of$ 100, 000 in govern
ment securities, the fencing of the grant and Executive
Order, and the purchase of about 400 young cows for their
range.
