Troy Vallo
Pamela Chavez
Woo!! Well first things first. Congrats to the class of 2007!! WE
First of all, I would like to thank my family for supporting me
DID IT!! Well the good times were here with all the peeps, boys
hove and getting me through my last year in high school.
and girls they were all GREAT and especially the boys, my boy
Especially my brother and my grandma. I love you guys. I
Blaine, Manuel, Bobby, Jesus, XXX, Shane, Willow, and Shaz! I
would also like to thank my two best friends Johanna and
will not forget the people who helped get me here and that is
Alicia for always being there for me and pushing me to do
Anthony for the support, my baba and grandpa Dave and
my work. To all the Seniors. WE DID IT!! C/ O 2007!!!
Grandpa Usten, the most person I thank is my mom for
Daniel Begaye
everything she does and dad, and I will always love her and may Teenage Drama sums it up, but I could not have made it
she, my baba, and the whole family be blessed THANKS!!! I without my parents( mom), my sis, Ms. Bailey, Mr.
LOVE YOU ALL!!!
Kambeitz, Ms. Gulibert, Ms. Guerin, Ms. Salvatierra,
McLaughlin, my coaches, Derek, Alfred, Julez, Steve- O,
Sherelle Begay
Sam, Jen, Tasha, Ray Fifty, Ash, and all the homies I
First of all I would like to thank my family, coaches, teachers,
couldn' t fit...
friends, Byron and his family for helping me out, especially
Clint Chinana
Byron for always being there for me. To the senior athletes!
I would like to thank my Mommy for always being there for
Karen, Wanda, Maddie, Ray, San and Amada, thanks for the
me! Love you mom! My family for helping me too. And my
memories on game days. We did it!!!!
two little bros, keep running, love you both, to my girlfriend
Amanda Jiron
Anita and my son Jordan. I love you two!! Special thanks to
Special thanks to my family for all the encouragement you gave my friends Steven, Matt, Shane, Blaine, Manz, Jesus, Lunch
me. I love you mom and dad. To my friends, Jen, Ronda, Nieva, Box, Robert, Valita, Ash, Juana, Tasha, be safe you guys.
Calita, and Juana, I love you guys! To Robert I' m going to miss Class of 2007, we did it!! Best for last my dad, Robert
you thank for the fun times. To the class of 2007!! We made it!! Chinana, Love you, Rest In Peace!!
Adrian Eckleberry
Elizabeth Garcia
What can I say? Our senior year is finally here. First of all I First I would like to thank my family especially my mom and
would like to thank everyone who encouraged me to go to school dad for pushing me to do my best and never giving up on me
and get my education. Some names I would like to mention are love you. To Bess, Beans, Nieva and Ashugs thanks for the
my parents who were always there for me, my coaches who crazy moments! Love you guys! Edwin, thanks for always
always told me to do my best at whatever I do, and my friends, being there and putting a smile on my face, I love you!! My
without them I don' t think I would have made it this far. Lastly I crazy cousins Nayce, Abby and Shema, good luck with
would like to say Class of 07, BABY!!!!
everything and behave!! Finally to the class of 2007!! We did
Ellison Yazzie
it!!
First of all I would like to thank my mom and dad for pushing me Manuel Martinez
all the way through high school. Most of all to the class of 07. Senior year? Darn it' s crazy! Well first off thanks to my
Big shout outs to my friends Solei, Crystal, Eveli, Earl, Blaine, mom and dad for making me and being there for me. Thank
Lue, Darryl and Casper. Kerwin and all those I forgot. Senior C/ you Mrs. Gulibert for being my school mom. All my homies.
O 2007!!
Troy, Robert, Meezy, Steven Johnson, Nate Dawg, Rat
knee, Josh, Blaine, Triple X, Gov, Eastwood, Jesus, and
Randy Vigil
First off I like to thank Valita and Darren for always being there
Everyone else. Thanks, remember it ain' t worth it eseh!!"
KTL for life. Heh nah Laaterz
for me. I like to thank my family for everything they do for me,
Valita Leon
for telling me to keep up with school. Last I want to wish the
baseball team good luck and thanks Coach Pete for all the
I would like to thank my sis and her boyfriend for taking me
under their wing. My mommy RIP, I did it mom. To my
laughs.
Daddy I' ll always be you r baby gurl. My nieces and
Leander Loretto
nephew Jay- Jay, Bubbie, and Dalton you knuckleheads are
First of all, I would like to thank my family for all of their the best. The rest of the Familia... love you all. The high five
support. I love you. I would also like to thank all of my teachers crew Juana, Jenn, Tasha, and Rash... You gurlies are my
in the past for teaching me what I needed to know. I would like sunshine. My boyfriend and his family... thanks for
to thank coach Rod for challenging me and teaching me how to everything love ya. My brothers, Randy, Darren, Brys, and
be a good sport. Thanks to the SFIS staff and everyone at SFIS. Robert, love you guys!! Daddy Clint, Ash, and Shane, you
Class of 2007!!!
guys rock! To the class of 2007! We did it guys... best of
luck in the real world! I' m outties high school! Moouuah!!
110
