Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
ter. The goat dairy plan, initiated in this
school by the Superintendent three years ago
is in line with adapting the school to ex
isting conditions on the reservation,
as cows
cannot be kept on account of the high price
of hay and grain tnd long distances it must
be hauled and that water is not available to
raise same in quantity. This little herd was
started with three animals, a buck and two
does, and to day he have over 40 animals of
all ages. It has been a means of training the
boys in the care of milch goats which is the
only means they have for dairying at home.
The outstanding feature of the year is
the elimination of trachome at this school due
to the
work of Dr, Wigglesworth, the local phy
sician- Dr. Kennedy, and the hard work of the
head matron- Irs. Denetaele in the follow up
treatment. There are but six
cases,
none ac
tive, out of an enrollment of 210 pupils this
Year.
Expenditures have been kept as low as
consistent with good management. No additional
money was llotted to care for the 50 additional
children enrolled this year.
Good use has been made of the playground
equipment and of the small school gymnasium
floored with concrete without any expense for
labor. Systenetic playground supervision is
given the boys by the disciplinarian, both as
to setting- up exercises in the mornings
and games between 4: 15 and 5: 15 each evening.
Girls' evening playground supervision is had
under the direction of the teachers and has
been faithfully carried out this year, Girls
us a volley ball, croquet, basket ball, swings,
and teeters, some times they play base ball.
It is probable that this school will be needed
for another generation. Few, if any, of the
Indians are taxpayers and the County is un
able to provide public schools for Indians,
An abundance of vegetables was produced
at the school,- potatoes, carrots, rutabagas,
Corn onions, beets cabbage, turnips Parsnips
rhubarb, asparagus, radishes, and lettuce, also
squash and punpkins
Pupils of this school received several prises
and awards at the Intertribal Indian Ceremonial
25
