O
NARRATIVE REPORT.
1
0
Section 2.
Health.
We do not have any cases of venereal disease
on our register, nor do we know of the existence of any cases.
The occurrence of acute inflammatory eye cases, in the newly
born, has been given attention and attempts made to establish
the fact of the acute specific infection in the parents. Such
investigation however has not been satisfactory, for the fact
that unless pain has accompanied the infection in the parent,
the existence of any infection is denied. It is believed that
syphilis exists in the various pueblos, both as acquired new
cases, and inherited. The moral conditions obtaining among
the pueblo Indians is generally speaking very good. But their
community life is very close, and a venereal disease introduced
would spread slowly, but after so many years would undoubtedly
be manifest in many individuals in the inherited form, which
condition together with their marked tendency to tuberculosis
would result in their physical weakening. To establish the
degree to which syphilis exists a special campaign should be
instituted. It should be opened by a series of carefully
prepared and graduated lectures, preferably illustrated, in
which the great importance of the condition is explained.
Immediately following the course of lectures Wassermann tests
should be made for each indivhdual, and the findings would
furnish reliable information for the establishment of energetic
and specific treatment to effect eradication of the disease.
The actual number of cases treated during the past
year did not equal that of the year preceding due to the
occurrence of the Influenza during the former period. And in
fact, in number and in character of the various diseases, the
st year has been more favorable than for several years pre
ceding
.
No severe epidemics prevailed, nor were there many
cases of the more severe type of fevers;- especially those
involving the respiratory system, which latter is always ser
ious among the Indians. The eve cases have been particularly
troublesome the past year, both as regards the cases of trachoma
and those of the simple forms of conjunctivitis and other
acute inflammatory eye conditions. Even among the school chil
dren with whom the routine treatments could be maintained,
theeye cages were refractory. Climatic conditions is believed
to be responsible for this condition. The winds during the
past year were more severe than usual, and carrying as they
do the fine particles of sand, continued irritation in the
eyes was kept up. Among the Americans and Mexicans in this
vicinity, persons whose eyes never before showed any signs
of irritation, were subjected to various acute forms of cony
junctivitis and other acute inflammatory eye diseases.
