6. The delegatesfrom each of the six several furisdictionsshall be bona fide Navajo Indianresidentsof the jurisdictionwhich they represent.The Indians of the said six superintendencies, after not less than 10'daysnotice and at the time and place designatedby the Commissionerof the Navajo Tribe, shall meet for the purpose of electingthe principaldelegates and alternatesas hereinspecified.8. In the event that the Indians of any superintendencyshall fail orneglect, at the time specified, to elect any delegate or alte mate delegate ashere in provided then the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint such delegateor alternatedelegate for the Indians of such superintendency, and such delegateand alte mate delegate so appointedby the Secretaryof the Interior shall beadmitted into all meetingsof the Tribal Council and be a member of said TribalCouncil until such time as the Indians of such superintendencyshall regularlyelectsuch delegateand alte mate delegate.9. After such delegates and their altemates have been so elected orappointed, a convention shall be called by the Commissioner to the Navajo Tribeon a day and place to be designated by him, said convention to consist of thedelegates and the: e alternates, all of whom shall be entitled to vote in thesaid convention for the purpose of electing a chairman and vice- chai man of theNavajo Tribal Council. Two- thirds of the delagates to said convention shallconstitute a quorum for the transaction of the business of said convention.10. At such meeting, before any other business is transacted, the delegates to the said convention shall appoint a temporary presiding officer fromamong their own number and proceed by a majority vote of the delegates to theconvention to elect a permanent chairman and vice- chairman of the Navajo TribalThe presiding officer of the convention shall vote in said electiononly in case of a tie.11. The permanent chairman so elected shall be chosen from the membership of the Navajo Tribe of Indians, but shall not be one of the delegatesor alternate delegates elected to the Tribal Council, and when so elected saidchairman shall be a member of the Tribal Council and ex- officio prosiding of-ficer of said Tribal Council and entitled to vote only in case of a tie. Thevice- chaimman, so elected, shall be chosen from amongst the delegates of theTribal Council. The vice- chairman shall act in the absence of the chairman.The chairman and vice- chairman shall not be chosen from or belong to the samesuperintendency.12. Upon the election of the chairman and vice- chairman the said convention shall dissolve, and the first meeting of the Tribal Council be convened.13, At all meetings of the Tribal Council the chairman, or in his absence the vice- chairman, shall preside.14. Each delegate of the Tribal Council shall be entitled to one voteon all matters coming before the Tribal Council and the majority of votescast shall be deemed the wishes of the Tribal Council on such matters. Twothirds of the delegates to the Tribai Council shall constitute a quorum for thetransaction of its business.