Agriculture, Cont'a.
be fair crops this year and perhaps 75% of fields are planted. In Toga,
Kinebeto, and in the Chaco Canyon country but little rains have fallen
and their harvest will be very light. By promoting more and better
8478279tiprapodigfien R8X73+ 48cf7818847& tanganket# 8grform
standoketteerism PERCHirigh the
it must be undorstood that this can never be a faming country as an
average good year is one out of three.
( 2) Along the San Juan River, there is an irrigation project under
construction which is for sale with 2,000 acres of irrigable land, with
pump operation and near a gas well which will provide fuel. A list of
thirty feet is required to put water in ditch. We urge that the Indian
office call upon Mr. H. C. Neuffer and Gov. H. J. Hagerman in regard to
this matter. If considered practical to purchase this tract --if semo
can be had at a reasonable price-- with the idea of locating 100 Navajo
families, as this is the only possible irrigation project now in sight
for Indians in this jurisdiction, it should be done. Indians could be
induced to graze live stock in community herds on adjoining range. A
day school could be maintained and a community organized chapter with
unlimited possibilities. Soil is good; altitude about 6,000. Fruit of
all kinds could be grow, and twenty acres to a family with intensive
cultivation would assure a good living.
Lands
( 1) Nearly 7,000 Indians of this jurisdiction live on the public
doma in and within the checker- boarded area. In the past two years, the
Indian office has purchased 77,551.08 acres of land for the benefit of
the Navajo Indians, and consolidation has been effected in two townships
and it is proposed to carry on consolidation as fast as possible. The
economic situation has retarded the progress of these Ind ians for many
years past on account of the uncertainty of use and occupation of range.
Every effort will be made in the future to promote this work so splendidly
begun and leave nothing undone to secure title to lands which Indians now
occupy and use, as the overship to their lands is the foundation of
every other factor govering any policy or program which might be put forth
in their behalf;, for without control of range through ownership, no
conservation policy can be effectively carried out.
( 2) Through community activities we must create a desire for better
and more sanitary homes and surround ings, for with continual development
of leadership in community chapter organizations, this must surely result
in concerted co- operative effort. In the past, the Navajo has been out
standing as an individualist with not much interest shown on community
affairs.
