recent years the grade has been improved considerably by the
Infusion of Rambouillet blood into the liara jo kerde. It is
proposed to continue this improvement as far as practical by
means of securine high erade runs of Panana and Raabouillet
breeds.
Tho excessive puber of goat. In the Navajo herds i.
a detrimental situation that should be rectified by the roans
of slaughtering and otherwise diapoad ne of at least half of
these animal.. Houvy culling of the lower grade of sheep will also
be pructiced. It is realized that a very high grade of sheep
is not practical anong the Navajos at the present tiæ ina much
as they are not accustomed to such stock but require a good
deal of education in animal husbandry before they can success.
fully om and run such high erade of animals. Also, the ranges
aro in auch depleted condition that a lower Erado of wheep is
more adapted to graze on tan scant feed available.
It will be the poliey to continue to improve the grade
up to a point consistent with existing local conditions; wood
and nutton yield considered,
CHAPTER WORKS
The tomitory and the Indiuns under the lastern havajo
Jurisdiction are subdivided into chapter districts. At the pre
sent time there are twenty- two chapter districts organized, and
the Indians themselves elect chapter officers and judge.
of these chapter organizations have built houses in which to hold
their reetings, and for their use in any conmunity catherine.
Two additiono) cheptar house buildings are now in the procosa of
construction, and it is hoped that all chapter distriots will
have their own houses in the future. Thor. houses were built
by the Indians with some assistance from Agendy sourcos ad funds.
The object of the chapter organization is to further and promote
adult education mong the love jos in addition to formulating
plans for various setivities of progressive and constructive
natures within their respective districts. Whenever time from
other duties permits, these chapter meetings which are held once
& month, are attended by the superintendent, the Ranger, or the
Stockey. It is contenglated to continue sponsoring these pro
grams by the field personnel as it is felt that much can be
accomplished in the way of educating the Indiana by these means,
