1
T
Southern
Pueblos
Agency
Albuquerque, New Mexico;
SECTION
I
" LAW AND ORDER"
The agency headquarters
of the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction
is
located at- 723 North Second Street, Albuquerque
. This property
is owned by
the Government and is large enough to supply offices on the first floor and
Superintendent's
quarters on the second floor. There is a federal building in
Albuquerque
, but it is not sufficiently
large to accomodate all Governnent
offices
. At the present time the agency force is sufficient
to carry on the
work of this jurisdiction
,
It is difficult to have proper discipline
throughout
the entire dis
trict due to the fact that there are no laws applicable
for many of the crimes
and misdemeanors
committed on the reservations
. In order to overcome this
obstacle
I would recommend
that the state laws be made applicable
on all reserva
tions, but that the federal court have jurisdiction
. During the present year two
Indians have been murdered on the reservation
. The one found murdered
at Laguna
was killed by Ray Pacheco. Pacheco was arrested
and had a preliminary
hearing
before the United States Conumissioner
. He was acquitted of the charge of murder
on the grounds of self- defense, Sanguinito Toledo was the other one that was
found murdered. He was killed at the Jemez Pueblo. This case was turned over
to the Department
of Justice, who made a thorough investigation
, but no arrests
have ever been made,
All the Pueblos throughout this jurisdiction
hold their annual fiestas,
This does not interfere but in a small way with their work. I have attended them
all and can see nothing in them objectionable
. It is simply a time which they set
aside for their amusement, and I do not believe it in any way retards their advance
ment. At times they claim they have secret dances. These dances I Inow nothing
about. It is difficult
to get any information
regarding them but, according
to
reports, they are gradually dying out.
For instance the San Felipe and Jemez
Pueblos have had less dancing this year than for many years past. I believe it
will only be a short time until they are preotically eliminated, and I do not
think that they are important enough to be worth any serious consideration
.
The majority of the Indians are complying with the state laws regard
ing marriage and divorce customs. There has been brought to my attention a few
cases in the past where Indians have been living together as man and wife without
obtaining a marriage license, but when this matter is taken up with the Indians
through the Governor of the pueblo they are usually willing to comply with the
law. There are no employees deputized to issue the state license.
The state laws are adequate to meet the conditions on the reservation,
but it is impossible to enforce them. That is why, as I above stated, the state
laws should be made applicable on the reservation, but the federal authorities
should have jurisdiction.
No Indian Court is maintained in this jurisdiction, but I believe it
would be a good thing if the position of Indian Judge was allowed here.
