43Santa Fe. N. 16.TO THE HON. cour. of Inn. AFT AIRSTay 3rd, 1000Waesngton, D. C.Sir?--A letter from you dated Sept. 15, 1900, and marked," Bazcation 407II- 18994841- 180742897 1891defined ny daties and powers as" Supervising teacher" quite clearlyandrhave never received any instructions countermanding those of that date.Two questions have recently arisen however which make it seen advteable or me to have your assurance that those instructions are seforos,One relates to direct correspondance betweer my sei eni the teachers of the day schools. The other relates to y visiting the schools arI think necessary.Recently while in Gallup, on my way to ni, on a regular round of inspection of 221 the S. V. sohools, 1 mes the Indian Agent Rainc, rho poremptorily ordered. He not toisit the 22nt school, and art her orderedme to return to Sants. Pe that night and report to Supt. Crandall.His manner was dictatorial and arbitrary in the extreme and he geve 90reason for his action further than to say" we heve just been to Zuni andit is not necessary for you to go there."lly juâgement was that after putting the Dept. to the expense of my farefrom Laguna, to Gallup, I shoui have gone on and completed my work, thatMr. Walpole' s manner pendarny discussion of the matter irapossible.While consideris what was best to& o, I received a call fraSpecial Agent Hard, who infected ne that he thought, Supt. Crandalaseå me that he had a new teacher or something. This seemed to explainAgent Walpole' s tacion and I came back to Santa Fe only to find that suptCrandall did not need me at all, ana could not explain hon such an ideaoriginated.--In several instances I have incorporated in my reports to the Agentthe neers of the sonooie vie i ted, supposing the Agent would wish to knerthat I endorsed the sequisitions made directly to his office by the teaohers. I have also reported conditions named to my attention by theteachers. In every Gaet ne tasohers of such echools have been reprimended for making requieit12n through the supervising Teachers or* Reporting through the supervising Teachert antil some of them are afraw.to ta11 c of the needs anu conditions and all of us are wonering what* Gupervising Teacher is for, if they are not to be allowed to teli heret nese things. I have waited patiently, hoping that in the transfery Bohools to the ponded Supts there would be deliverance Cromsnoyances of thit xind. The recent action of the Ind. Agent adis position taken by supt. Crauda, txt a11 correspondenteog hers zamast go through his office, seem to make it advisable38 TANE 408 issite and final undorstanding a those roints," 1": very respectivesYourstay E. kleritaSur lvisin Teacher