or innocenco of the defendant is determined and a carorul record of theentire caso is propared by the clerk. The next case is thon callod, whoresimilar proceduro is followed. From time to time throughout the session,the judges and clork review the cases which have been tried, with thesuperintendent or principal, as the case may be, depending upon the districtin which court is being hold, and sentence is determined. Ordinarily, theJudges' decision in this rogard is allowed to stand, although such decisionis quite often tempered one way or the other at the suggestion of the reviewingorricor. The court thon pronounces son tenco. All business of conductingthe court, except in the roriew of cases, is conducted before an open court.It might be stated that minor ortonses and settlement of lightdiff iculties are handlod by the officers of the different Chapter districts,which oficers set as a court rogard ing such cases. Those tried before theChapter court have the right of appeal to the Indian court, and from theIndian court to the superintendent. Those courts function in such manneras moots the satisfaction of the Navajas. They all seem to highly appreciatethe procedure followed and the results obtained.The following religious denominations are represented on thereservation: • Presbyterian, Christian Reformed, Catholic, Episcopalian,The Presbyterians maintain a boarding school of 150 capacity, a hospital of75- bed capacity, and five field community stations.At two of these stationsfield nurses ara amn loved.A very worthy institution is maintained at Fort Defiance by the Episcopalians,This is an orphanage which accommodates about twenty- five children. I am informed by Bishop Mitchell that considerable expansion is contemplated. Thesepeople are always willing to cooperate in any way that will advance the interestsof the Nava jos.-- Stuup vs missionaries who are earnestly strivingto aid the Navajos in various ways, and who are accomplishing a great deal ofgood. Furthermore, each group shows much interest in the Government'sprogram of work on the reservation, and cooperates in a most satisfactorymanner with my staff in carrying out our program. I have experienced no difficulty with any of the missionary workers since being in charge of this jurisdiction, and I am very grateful for the splendid spirit of sincerity andcooperation given at all times.I wish to make special mention of the very excellent work carriedon at the Ganado Mission School and Hospital. The training afforded the youngmen and women, which includes a full high school course, is of the best thecountry affords. The service rendered the Nava jo people at the 75- bedhospital is of extraordinary worth, and is highly appreciated by the Navajosand by the Government force.I also wish to make special mention of the highly efficient trainingbeing afforded the 300 children at the St. Michaels Boardi ng School which is