1
Anmal Report, 1930
NARRATIVE SECTION
TAI and ORDER
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION
Since the occupancy of the new office we have ample administra
tion facilities, though three new large desks are needed and twelve
settees for the use of Indians. The census, homesteading and allot
ment work have been quite heavy but for the past two years have been
under the direction of Mr. Charles E. Roblin, special alloting Agent.
His clerk, who has been giving his time to allotment and census re
cords, should be permitted to remain here for some time to come as
it is absolutely impossible for us to keep records current as none
of the other olerks could be spared for this work. Four stockmen
have charge of their respective districts in the field but it is
very urgent that another position for a stockman be created and this
man placed about 60 miles northeast from the Agency in the Star Lake
country, as there will be in the neighborhood of 1500 Indians in that
area over whom he would have charge. The Indians themselves have
often asked that this consideration be given as it is too far for
them to come to Crown Point or Kimebeto.
Additional Chapters have been organized during the past year
and three Chapter Houses are all under construction. Through the
cooperation of these organizations it has been possible to enlist
the Indians in the problems which they have to meet in their res
pective localities and thus attention has been given to road con
atruction, bridge building and water development.
The Indians have elected their own judges in three districts
and these three Judges preside in all minor cases such as drunkeness,
family troubles and misdemeanors. In the past they have been very
successful in disposing of many cases of this nature. There seems
to be ample laws both in the state and Federal Jurisdiction to meet
all criminal offenses that have come to our notice. Indian dances
are still practiced and the Navajo Medicine- man is still a power
among his people and the prosecution of a strong health program, with
ample force of field nurses, physicians and hospital facilities, will
be the best method to combat the pagan practices, with more or less
superstition and witchery, which has a desided retardation in the
advancement of the Navajos.
There is but little change in marriage and divorce ous toms,
and marriages by magistrate after a license has been secured is now
more common. Those married legally and where they cannot live
together, and show incompatibility, must get their divorce in the
District courts.
Full compliance with the laws of the State is urged, though as
yet we are unable to enforce marriage and divorce laws of the State,
but this situation is improving. Marriage license is not issued by
the several Superintendents in New Mexico, but the missionaries us
ually give attention to securing license and perform the ceremonies,
