Section 1.
Law and Order( Cont'a).
Somo liquor has found its way on the reservation, but so far we have
bom able to keep it in aheak with our limited foroo. Unless prompt stops
are taken to enforce the laws at Gallup the situation will soonbe beyond
our control.
The Navajos do not leave the reservation to procure liquor. A sumber
of them are engaged in hauling supplies to the difforcat trading points from
dallup, New Mexico. They go there todo their trading, and some of them
procure liquor on such Visits.
It is my observation that the State and Cormaty anthorities aro making
no effort to enforce the law.
We have no employee available who as a Special Officer could cope with
the situation existing at Gallup. The only way the existing situation at
Gallup can be corrected is by a force of prohibition enforcement of iceri.
The Indians under this jurisdiction do not make any intoxioating beverages.
The Navajos are not addicted to the Peyote habit.
The Navajos do not use extracts or proprietary medicines for beverage
purposes.
No additional legislation, either State or Federal, is needed to handle
the liquor situation; all that is required is enforcement of present laws.
Outliquor problem is off the reservation and can be very easily solved
if the liquor laws are enforced by officers who have the authority to do so.
It is very evident that neither local nor national prohibition exists
in Gallup, New Mexico.
No case of an Indian using narcotics has come to my knowledge, and I do
not know of an Indian addict.
We have no knowledge that Indians or others on the reservation are engaged
in manufacturing intoxicants. All our information is that the supply of liquor
is secured at Gallup and also consumed there.
The Indians do not keep liquor on hand but consume it where they purchase
it. I know of only two cases where liquor has appeared on the reservation.
I send two policemen to every gathering in a car to guard against this evil.
They are out today at a" sing" that is being held at a place thirty- five miles
from here.
Gambling is prohibited on the reservation. While it is being indulged in
at isoàated places on the reservation, every case we get informat ion on is
brought into the Indian Court. There are two such cases now awai ting the action
of the Court.
Prosecute every violation, whichwill keep this evil in check.
4.
