matter. It was made from fruit boxes which the Days got at the
school kitchen. There was nothing touch to be done except
arrange the boxes after they had decided just how they wanted
the shelves. A counter was made from boards and boxes so that
it would look more like a store.
The children wanted to have ever ything in their store that
they had seen in the trading post her e but a good many things
had to be out out. We got canned goods and food supplies from
the school warehouse and article 9 of clothing and a few other
things from some of the dormitories.
After both the store and hogan were completed the boys
and girls had a great time painting the store, the furniture,
window frames, and door frame, and in arranging the supplies
and furniture.
Ever yone wanted to be storekeeper or trader but as this
was impossible it was decided to take turng at it. Different
families lived in the hogan too. Turns had to be taken here
too. There was a mother and father and children in the hogan
at all times and sometimes there was a grandmother. Home 111e
was carried on it it. Sometimes it was the mother who went to
the trading post to get the supplies, taking with her one or
perhaps two of the children while the others played at herding
the sheep or looking after the children at home. Some times
it was the father who went to the trading post.
Everyone seemed to enjoy this unit. There was a good deal
of singing going on in the hogan as well as the bustle of
sweeping, dus ting, washing the dishes, washing the goat skin
eto. The boys had put up. clothes line and made an ironing
board and the girls seemed to never tire of washing the sheets,
pillow cases, table covers, etc., and ironing them too with a
couple of irons we had which could be heated on the oil stove
in the classroon.
This unit lasted until the dose of school and even on the
last day long before school took up there was a group of girls
who came to the room to play in the hogan. The ho gan was
always in demand, both before school and after school and there
was always someone to sleep in it during our daily sleep periods.
The Idndergarten group this year consisted of forty children,
twenty seven boys and thirteen girls.
