O
-2
Health( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
( a). A tent hospital would do us no good at this juris
diction.
( e). Our field work and that of the hospital the past
year has been first class under the efficient management of the
present physician, Doctor Lynwalter, who certainly is doing
very fine work.
We have practically no cases of social diseases.
As reported above and in special reports to the Office it
is shown that our health work of the past year has been highly
beneficial and very gratifying. The attitude of the Indians
toward the hospital is very fine. Doctor Lynwalter has suc
ceeded in putting the hospital and health work in the condi.
tion in which it should be and in getting very fine results.
We have also improved the equipment in the hospital. Recently
a new physician has been added to the force, his location being
at Oraibi. It looks to me as though he is going to be an ex
cellent man for the place, which will further improve the ef
ficiency of this department.
Doctor Ross should finish up his survey among the Navajos
in the trachoma campaign. Then there should be four field
matrons or field nurses appointed for work among the Navajos.
With the present force we have in the health work this would
cover the reservation pretty well.
The field matrons this year have been put under the physi
cian with the idea of assisting in the health work in every way
possible. They also do a great deal of work in the Indian
homes, for home improvement. This year we have sent in several
reports to the Office, with charts, showing the decided in
provements made in this work.
The field matrons among the Hopis visit every family in
every village at least once a week. They are a very great help
toward bettering the condition of these people and should get
a good share of the credit for the improved oonditions.
On 80
count of the epidemios this past year a great deal of their
time was devoted to nursing and caring for the sick, but they
never lost sight of continuing their work for home improvement.
The present field matrons are ideally located for work
among the Hopis. Four distriots should be established among
the Nava Jos and a field matron or nurse placed in charge of the
health work in each distriot. There is no doubt fine results
