4.number of Indians in the territory referred to, will approximate about1000.There are 20 Mormon families at Tuba City and vicinity, who are theonly white settlers in the tract of country recommended as an extensionto the reservation by Constant Williams, U. S. A., formerly Acting Indian Agent of the Navajo Agency, in his letter to the Indian office,dated May 7th, 1898, except two Indian traders and two missionaries under the auspicies of the Gospel Union of Kansas City, Mo.One of saidtraders, Mr. C. H. Algert, is located at Tuba City, and the other, Mr.$ .3. Preston, is located at Willow Springs, 10 miles west of Tuba City.The two missionaries referred to, Mr. D. E. Brown and Mr. Fred Allen,reside at Moen Ava, a bout midway between Tuba City and Willow Springs,and occupy a building which they have rented from a man named HermanLyond, who left the neighborhood in May 1898, at the time he rented hishouse and farm to said missionaries for a term of two years, at a rental of$ 25.00 for the first year and$ 50.00 for the second year.I visited all of said settlers and traders, who are all squattersupon unsurveyed Government lands, but surveys were being made, embracingtheir clairs, while I was in the neighborhood. I examined their irnprovements very carefully, anticipating an extension of the lines ofNavajo Reservation, and, in order that the same might be facilitated, Iobtained from the said 20 Mormons a written agreement, wherein they eachagree to accept a certain sum for their respective improvements and tovacate their locations upon payment to them by the Government of thestipulated amounts, aggregating$ 45,000.00.The said agreement istransmitted herewith, marked Txhibit" No. 21, and the amounts extendedare based upon the respective schedules, which are also transmitted herewith, numbered from 1 to 20 inclusive, and tabulated in said agreement.The said agreement expires July 1st. 1900, if the property is notpurchased by the Government before that date.Regarding the Indian traders, Mr. S. s. Preston, who has a verygood building at Willow Spring, assured me that should the Indian reservation be extended so as to include his location, he was willing to relinquish all claim to the land he occupied, to the Government, free of