Santa #e, X.M., July 28, 1924.they propose to ship out only a thousand barrels aday, it is a fact that the 3 in. pipe line they arenow installing will have a capacity of 3,000 bbls.a day, and it is not at all unlikely that arrangements can be made by them( especially if theysecure the Rattlesnake production by the extensionof their line to that structure). When the market.warrants it, to use the line for 2,000 bble. a day.or more.Referring to the schedule of leases in group2 on the Hogback, sold at the October 15th Bale,it will be seen that there were nine tracts bidin. of these nine tracts, the leases on tracts7, 10, 14, and 18, were the only ones perfected;the others were abandoned.Tracts 10 and 18 were assigned to J. C. Anderson,who, 28 I understand it, represents the Pan- AmericanCompany, a Dohany organization.Under the terms of these group 2 leases, the lessees have a year to commence operations, and there isconsiderable time yet within which such operations canbe initiated. So far no drilling has been started onany of these four tracts. However, in the meantimethe Midwest Company has assigned to J. C. Compton, ofCalifornia, two 320 acre tracts within their lease andoutside of the proven shallow area of the Hogback structure. Some operations have been prosecuted on these twotracts, the results of which are fully set forth inMr. Wowes report, but in none of them has oil yetbeen encountered. Efforts are being made to bringabout the testing of the deeper sands on one or moreof these structures, and the indications at presentare that the widwest Company, if it secures an extension of its lease on the Hogback, may decide on a.deeper test there, They do not at present propose,however, to go to the Pennsylvanien even if they dosecure the extension, but only to the shina rump andimmediately underlying horizons. It is possible thatif they sunk as deep as that they might go on in tothe Pennsylvanian. It is also possible that if oilshould be encountered on the Beautiful Noun ta in lease