15. The alte mate delegatesfrom the various superintendemieswithinthe Navajo Buntry shall have the right to attend all moetingsog the TribalCouncil and shall have the privilegeof expressingtheir views but shall nothave the right to vote on any matters requiringaction by the Tribal Councilunless in'any case any principaldelegatefrom any particularsuperintendencybe absent, in which case his alte mate shall act in his place,16. The tems of office of the chairman and viceachaimanof the TribalCouncil shall be four years from the date of their electiori. At the expiration of each four- year term a conventionas he rein providedfor shall be calledby the Commissionerto the Navajo Tribe for the electionof a chaiimanandvice- chairmanof the NavajoCouncil.17. In case of the death, disability, or removal during their term ofoffice of the chairmanor vice- chairman of the Navajo Tribal Council, thevacancy shall be filled for the unexpiredterm by the Tribal Council, or uponits failure to act, by the Secretaryof the Interior. In the case of elections at the Tribal Council to fill the unexpiredtierme of the chairmenorvice- chairman, the alternates shall have the right to vote for the electionof such officers as in the case of the first and subsequentconventions.18. The Tribal Council shall meet at such time and place as may bedesignatedby the Commissionerto the Navajo Tribe after due notice in writingfor the considerationof such matters as may be brought before it; such noticesshall be sent to the various members of the Council through the various superintendentswho shall see to it that such notices are delivered and acceptanceof such deliveryrecorded.19. No meeting of the Tribal Council or of any regular conventionof theTribe shall be had without the presence of the Commissionerto the NavajoTribe, and such officer shall see to it that the action of the Tribal Councilor of the conventionas finally voiced on matters brought before them areproperly made of record.20, There shall be appointed by the Commissioner to the Navajo Tribe asecretary, whose duty it shall be to keep a record of the proceedings of allmeetings. A certified copy of the proceedings of all such meetings shall beforwarded to the Commissionerof Indian Affairs at Washington, D.C.21. There shall be designated by the Commissioner to the Navajo Tribefor each meeting of the Navajo Council or of the convention one or more interpreters who shall be the official interpreters for said meetings. The proceedings as so interpreted by said interpreters and recorded by the secretary shallbe the official proceedingsof the said meetings.22. The Commissioner to the Navajo Tribe shall keep the original recordof the proceedings of the Tribal meetings and of the conventions in his office.E. B. MERITT,Acting Commissioner.Approved: April 24, 1923.HUBERTWORK,Secretary( 5327)-3