LAST WORDSPoHello, Barbies!Well, as graduation quickly approaches, I would like to say thank you to all those who havehelped me succeed through high school. Yaaaay! First and foremost, I want to thank my lovingfamily for all their wonderful support and all that you have done. I would also like to give aspecial THANK YOU to all my teachers who have helped, guided, and pushed me to realizesuccess. You have shared your time and effort through these past years to only watch each andevery one of us grow and succeed. And of course, I can' t forget to mention my beauties, mySUU- WUU sisters, my best friends for all of the laughs, smiles, tears and happiness they haveshared with me. I don' t know what I would do without each and every one of you I am soblessed to have all these beautiful people in my life. I wish you all the best. Love youKaleneThompsonWell, class of 2011, we made it!! I would like to thank my mother, Evelyn, and my father,Cornell, for believing in me. You were always there for me no matter what. Thank you, youtwo are the best parents ever. To my grandparents for always pushing me towards my goals,thank you. And to my sisters and brothers for always being there for me through the hardtimes, and to the rest of my family, thanks for all your support. To my friends, Amber, Clara,Donna, Marcus, Marty, Tyler, Sam M., and Jon A., you guys are funny and always made melaugh. Thanks, I will never forget all our memories. Thanks to SFIS for all the lessons thatyou have taught. Congrats 2011!!TOsisJefferyTorivioI would like to thank my dad for being there for me, telling me to keep my head up andshowing me many ways of respect. To my mom, thank you for your support and showing mehow to push on when things get hard. To my sister, thank you for always being there for meand for coming to pick me up every Friday in the dormitory for the last four years. As to you,grandpa JD, thank you for everything you have taught me like not being so lazy, or how to getthings done and, of course, to finish what I got started. Grandma Val, thank you for being atmy baseball games, telling me “ good game ” after a big loss and showing me all your love inmany different ways. You were my life line to many things, someone to talk to when I wasdown. You were that special person who made me stronger every day. Last but not least, thankyou, Kerry, for always being there for me during my senior year, for helping me with myhomework, and for giving me that good laugh to get me through the day. Thank You! So,farewell SFIS!RossTrujillo