Annual Report, 1931
- 6-
and the sheep that need attention in the spring, fed a portion
of their alfalfa. A few are doing this with gratifying results.
( 1) Seed is saved by the Indians and by the farmer at the Sana
torium but because of the poor season last year the seed pro
duced was of such poor quality that we are buying and issuing
under the reimbursable regulations.
( g). A greenhouse for the growing of plants is in operation at
the Sanatorium, while hot beds are planted at the Day School,
at the Sanatorium and at the four outlying districts upon the
reservation. Plants are issued to the Indians without cost, if
they are unable to procure them otherwise.
( h), This matter is given attention by the agency farmer when the
season is such that seed is produced.
3. No effort is needed to induce the Indians to farm as practi
cally all of them make some effort in this direction. The ef
fort used is in improving their methods of farming.
4. With the care of their flocks and their farming activities,
very few Indians fail to make some effort toward self support.
5.
The Indians generally have the ir own simple farm implements
such as plows, harrows, mowers, rakes, etc.-- the government
furnishing each of the districts with a binder, some one Indi
an being designated as the one who will care for the government
Owned machinery.
( a) The Indians make proper use of the purchases under reimbur
sable funds but are not always prompt in their payments.
( b) We have issued some sheep to certain of the young Indians
who have none, and in this way they are encouraged to get a
start. Those who have availed themselves of this opportunity
are making good use of the stock furnished them.
( c) The Indians generally have sui table work teams although
some of the horses are rather small. The Zunis have better
horses than the average Indians and take better care of their
horses than they do of other stock.
6. Barbed wire is one of the reimbursable supplies which is is
sued under the regulations and as a whole the Indians have fair
