0
EVALUATION
OF THE CURRICULUM
Favorable Side:
It is the trend of the times to formulate an educational
pro
gram especially adapted to the needs of the people whom it is to
serve. That was the primary aim of" A Tentative Curriculum for
Education of the Navajoes" on which we worked last summer. While
we know that our curriculum is rudimentary, yet we feel that it is
a step in the right direction. Under the old educational program,
it is plain that no' startlingly satisfactory results were accom
plished. Navajoes, educated in our schools, are not able as a
class to compete with the white man in industrial work, nor even
with the old Navajoes as weavers, sheepherders, and silversmiths,
when they return to the reservation.
Our work this past year has been largely experimental, and it
was the understanding that the curriculum should be revised and ad
ded to following such experimentation
.
I believe that our procedure for curriculum construction is
correct-- namely, to understand our local situation; to divide life
activities into major fields; to list specific objectives and cok
responding suggested activities for realizing these objectives;
and then to endeavor to incorporate these objectives and activities
into teaching units, well selected for different levels of growth.
This is a program based upon experiences and activities as
cons trasted with that based upon the older, more formal organiza
tion of school subjects." Emphasis has been shifted from subject
matter to activities meeting the needs of the Navajoes.---
Our curriculum stresses need and utility rather than formal school
ing." Chadsey.
I think it is a point in our favor that there is no set amount
or set place for academic work in each level but the academic work
is to be presented whenever and wherever the children show read
iness for it.
I also approve of the fact that ethical training was not re
garded as a separate field of human endeavor but was so correlated
with all the other fields as to be rendered inseparable. The object
ives and activities in every field were so planned as to contribute
to growth in desirable morals and habits and to give children pract
ical experience in dependability, cooperation, perseverance, etc.
