8.broken pottery is found, which is not Navajo work and whichthey know nothing about. These" mounds" seem to have beenthe homes of a people ante- dating the cliff- dwellers, wholived here at least 800 years ago, or rather who ceased tolive here at least 800 years ago, accordingto the" wise men"who have made a study of the subject. There is a sixteenroom dwelling on the San Juan River four or five miles belowAneth, which is in a remorable state of preservation-- so muchso that if its former occupantscould return they could setup house keeping with a few hours work. The dwellers in theseruins appear to have been some what different to those whooccupiedthe dwellingsat liesa Verde and other points higherup the river, in that these people indulgedin carvings on therooks which made the cliffs where the dwellingsare located.These carvingsrepresentanimals, serpents, the sun, moon, andapparentlysome constellationsof stars. No carvings are tobe found on rocks in the vicinityof liese Verde Park nor atAztec.There has been no fair held at Shiprooksince 1915.Last year it was deemed advisablenot to hold a fair, on aocount of the severe drought and the fact that many of our Indians were compelledto leave the reservationand seek employment in order that they might live. The six fairs which havebeen hela here, have been pronouncedvery successful.Theywere hardly entitledto being called agriculturalfairs in asmuch as agricultureon this reservationis very limited. Whetthese fairs have really been, 16 Navajo blanket fairs, and assuch have been unique and have exerted a strong influenceon theblanketindustry. Prizes have been given for the best wovenblanket; the prize blanketshave been sold at very good prices.It is contemplatedholding the 7th Annual Fair some time inSeptemberas the Nava jos have had a very successfulyear in thewool industryand have successfullygrown a good crop.The Indiansof the San Juan Reservationare not strongonwhat we would call celebrations. The ordinarydays which arecelebratedby white people are the same to them as any other days.On Christmanday it was necessaryfor the propertyclerk to weighgoal for two or three Indians. All the gatheringsof the Navajosare in the nature of a sing or dance.25.