o
Page# 2
be all right to cover them closely, excluding sunlight and air, or whether
they should be covered some other way, as by copper window- screen wire
supported by a frame work, for instance,
I also recommend that the open or dug wells, a few of which are
still to be found in the pueblos, be done away with, and sanitary ones
substituted by the Government,
Additional facilities needed to obtain adequat, care of the sick
will doubtless be provided by the proposed general hospital soon to be built
at the U. S. Indian Boarding School in Albuquerque. This hospital is to be
large enough, I understand, to serve the neighboring pueblos in practically
every way, including medicine, surgery, and obstetrics. Temporary tent
hospitals will not be needed. Even now they are not needed, as the U. S.
Indian Service Eye Hospital, with Dr. Eilers in charge, successfully handles
many cases, including general cases, but especially trachoma cases from the
pueblos, and some tubercular cases. The usefulness of this hospital is great,
but of course is handicapped by its small size and incomplete facilities,
Additional means of helping the sick, or rather in maintaining
health and preventing sickness, would be to induce the Indians to raise milk
goats and use the milk in improving the Indian family's dietary. The pupils
of the Sia Pueblo Day School have been given fresh goats milk the past school
year to their decided advantage and, as was suggested in last year's report,
a glass of milk twice a day to each day school pupil among the pueblos would
not only serve to teach all the pupils the use of milk, but at the same time
also teach them the great food value of it in combating undernourishment
among themselves, as shown and proven to them in a practical way by the school
room scales.( Powdered milk could be furnished where fresh milk is not avail
able).
It seems that venereal disease is not prevalent among the pueblos.
So far I have not seen but four active cases, all gonorrhoea. Two of these
have apparently recovered, and the other two( more recent cases) are still
under treatment. One of the cases was hospitalized. Hospitalization appears
to be the best plan of waging any campaign of aggressiveness against the
disease.
Dr. P. G. Eilers has had charge of the Indian Service Eye Hospital
in Albuquerque since its establishment, and for nearly all the last half of
the fiscal year has had charge of it in addition to his duties as School
Physician at the U. S. Indian Boarding School here. During this last six
months period, above referred to, I have had the medical work of the Southern
Pueblos of Isleta, Sandia, Santa Ane, San Felipe, Sia, and Jemez; also the
Loretts Mission School for Indian girls at Bernalillo. I also serve the
pueblos of Santo Domingo and Cochiti, which two pueblos belong to the Northern
Pueblos Agency. Dr. Eilers and I also medically serve the Indians living
here in Albuquerque. The rest of the jurisdiction is covered by Dr. Tipton,
who has the pueblos of McCartys, Acomita, Seama, Encinal, Paraje, and Casa
Blanca, and by Dr. Elder, who has the pueblos of Laguna, Paguate and Mesita.
This fiscal year has seen a great stride made in the nursing
