a
Circular# 2100.
ANNUAL REPORT
NARRATIVE SECTION.
Hopi Indian Agency,
July 6, 1925.
SECTION I- LAW AND ORDER.
1. Agency Buildings and Equipment sufficient excepting
wood- working machinery and Police Headquarters and
Jail. We very badly need a jail for insane and crime
inclined Indians. It is inhuman to treat them the way
we have to in order to hold them and protect the
other Indians. This want has been placed before the
Indian Office many times and I can not see why we are
not given enough money to treat these Indians right
when they have to be incarcerated. The way police have
to sleep out when they are at the agency is a disgrace
to the Service and detrimental to their loyalty.
2. Our agonoy employee force is inadequate to do the
work necessary to bring forth or editable results be
cause of the nature of the country and the scope of work
necessary to accomplish what may be accomplished at
other locations. The desert fights every one and
overy thing in the most terrible way.
3. There will never be proper Law and Order on this
reservo with the present conditions and small and
ineffective Police Force. This is a fundamental
proposition and without good law we are standing still
80 far as inculcating into the minds of these Indians
what is proper in the way of good morals, right living
and the rese peot for laws as observed by those outside
reservations. We should have to obey laws similar to
others in the stato and the Indians made to understand
that there are no such thing as no laws for them or
one set of laws for them and another set for whites.
Wo should carry out the State laws on this reserve
and have an effective Law and Order force to handle
every conceivable situation. Proper marriage should
be enforced for without it decent homes are impossible
and without decent homes good citizenship is impossible.
Crimes run from Murder down. Additional Legislation
is not necessary, excepting a law making it positively
ne cossary for the agency to enforce State Laws. The
laws of the state of Arizona should be extended to
cover this reservation and they should be enforced
