DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE,El Paso, Texas, Aug., 14th, 1899.Honorable Secretary of the Interior,Washington, D. C.Sir:I present to you, herewith, charges made by M. F. Long, additional farmer at the Navajoe Agency, aga inst E. H. Dennison, clerkat that agency, and Mrs. Haskell, sister of Mrs. DeVore, at LittleWater School, and house- kooper of the same. These charges are addressed to the Honorable Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and were.designed to be transmitted to him through the Indian Agent, but Ihad observed one of the delinquancies referred to, and upon questioning Mr. Long concerning it he told me that he, too, had noticed itand that he had already prepared charges aga inst the clerk, that notbeing the only case of the kind; and he therefore gave me the statement, which I herewith enclose. I interviewed several employes onthis subject, all of whom united in the endorsement of the statementmade by Mr. Long. I regret this matter exceedingly, as also doesthe agent, Mr. Hayzlett. E. H. Dennison is the grand- son of a former governor of the state of Ohio, a man of good family and ofhitherto unblemished character. He has three orphan sisters, whomhe has been, and is, supporting. That he is guilty as charged,cannot be doubted. Whether he should be dismissed the service, orwhether he should be transferred, is a matter for the Commissionerto determine. This is possibly, and probably, his first offense,and my inclination is to recommend that he be transferred. The woman connected with this matter has a husband, and there seems to beno palliating excuse or palliating circumstances. I recommend thatshe be dismissed the service,I also recommend that Mary E. Keough, laundress, be transferred.Circumstances have come to my observation which impel me to makethis recommendation. I could present evidence to verify my judgment in this matter, but I prefer to give the woman another chance,if agreeable to the Indian Office, rather than place on file thatwhich would be damaging to her reputation in the future.She performs her work satisfactorily, but is simply indiscreet.Respectfully submitted,aکےعملConnellU. S. Ind ian Inspector.