Section 1- Law and Order( Cont'a)( b) So far as I can ascertain no white peopleof the vicinity are addicted to the use of Peyote.17. Very little, if any, extracts and proprietary medicines areused by these Indians for beverage purposes.18. It is believed that minimum stipulated sentences, from whichthere could be no deviation or responsion, might provo beneficialin suppressing liquor traffic among the Indians. Te experiencea great deal of difficulty in securing convictions, and in many instances whero convictions are secured, the fines or sentences aresuspended.19. The removal of restrictions as to Search Warrants to Superintendents and Special Officers, of property and residences within thePueblo Grants, or Reservation boundaries would be very helpful inIocating sources of liquor supply. In many instances, non- Indianslive within the Paeblo Grants, and a goodly percentage of these peoplegain a livlihood through 11licit barter with the Indians, includingthe sale of liquor. Were the Superintendent and Special Officer freeto search such premises, it is believed that it would aid materiallyin keeping down this traffic.20. State and National Prohibition bas had no great offect in thetraffic of liquor among the Indians. Local officials pay littl. 11any attention to the problem, and while Tederal officials are interested and willing to assist, there are too few of them to materiallysuppress this illicit traffic.21. I boliero there is no increase in the use of drugs at thisJurisdiction. In fact, I believe there are very fon 1f any Indiansof this district who ar. addicted to the use of drugs in any form.22. So far as I am able to determine, there are no Indians of thisJurisdiction who mamfacture beor, whiskey or wine for their omconsumption, or for 11licit sale. I believe, however, that theremay be non- Indians living within th. Pueblo land grants who mamifactur. intoxdicating beverages both for home use and for sale.23. That provision of law making it an offense to have liquor inpossession has a tendency to make the offender more careful aboutintroduction, and is no doubt a considerable aid in suppressingli quor traffic.24. Gambling, in the form of playing cards, is practiced to someextent by the Indians of the Santa Clara Pueblo. This Pueblo islocated a short distance from Espanola, where gambling seems to beunrestricted. Some of the Indians of this Pueblo engage in thegamos conducted there. Through the Governor and his council, andwith the aid of the local Indian Policeman, we are malding everyeffort to discourage this practico.