# 2
There are no allotments or tribal herds at this jurisdiction.
With the increase in tourist travel through the southwest,
there is a larger market for the native crafts of these Indians,
such as jewelry and pottery making, and they are securing increased
income from these sources every year.
The farmers' and stoc komen' s time is employed in practically
every other line of endeavor except farming and stock raising.
Their position is that of a sub- agent and as such they have
practically no time whatever to instruct the Indians in any in
dustrial work. Until this condition is corrected there will be
no industrial instruction given by the farmers and stock.
Efforts to organize chapters, etc. among the Indians of this
jurisdiction have not been successful due to the fact that the
pueblos themselves consist of a complete governmental organization
of Governor and Councilmen, and they seriously resent any other
organization not completely under their domination. There is,
however, a sheepmen' s association at the Laguna pueblo which acts
on all sheep matters under the direction of the Governor and Council.
The Indians have ample market and trade facilities both with
the traders on the reservation and in the towns adjacent to them.
The Indians of this jurisdiction exhibit their agricultural
products at the county fairs held in Albuquerque and Belen, and
this year will exhibit and sell their native handicrafts at the
First American Ceremonial. We believe these Ceremonials and fairs
to be of great benefit to the Indians in getting their products
before outside people.
There seems to be sufficient irregular employment for the
Indians, but there is difficulty in securing positions for returned
students, particularly the Indian girls. It is very necessary that
a position of Outing Matron be established in Albuquerque and filled
with an employee who has had relations with Indian girls and who
is physically able to attend to the duties of her position.
fem A Lowas
Lerd A. Towers,
Superintendent.
