1
1
( 2)
and from other causes had reduced this number to 2150 by January
1919. A complete copy of the Hopi cen808 will be submitted as
800n as olerks may be released from General Accounting to
accommodate same.
The Moqui Indian Reservation was established by Executive Order of
December 16, 1882. This Order 18 as follows:
Executive Mansion, December 16, 1882.
It is hereby ordered that the tract of country in the Territory
of Arizona lying and being within the following described boundaries,
vis: beginning on the one hundred and tenth degree of longitude
west from Greenwich, at a point 36 degrees and 30 minutes north,
thence due west to the one hundred and eleventh degree of longitudo
west, thence due south to a point of longitude 35 degrees and 30
minutes north, thence due east to the one hundred and tenth degree
of longitude, and thence due north to place of beginning, be, and
the same is hereby, withdraw from settlement and sale, and get
apart for the use and occupancy of the MOQUI and such other Indians
as the Secretary of the Interior may see it to settle thereon.
CHESTER A. ARTHUR.
The tract 80 set aside embraco8 2,472, 320 acres, or 3863 square miles.
The Moqui Indian Reservation forms the center or heart of the great
Navajo country. North, it is separated from Utah by the tract
know as the" Navajo National Monument; between its eastern
boundary and the New Mexico State line stretches the Navajo Reserve
proper( Port Defiance Agency); one fourth of the southern Moqui
lino( sonthwest) separates the reserve from the Navajo Bxtension
( Leupp Agency) and the remainder, running east, separates the
reserve from the public domain, State lande, railroad lands, and
tentative Indian allotments under the Leupp jurisdiction. This
southern line is an average sixty miles due north of the Santa Po
Railroad; west, the line separate Moqui from the Western Navajo
Reservation--- the Colorado River and Grand Canon country.
Roughly the Moqui Reserve measures 56 miles east and west, 69
miles north and south. Its area is larger than those of Rhode
Island, Delaware and the District of Columbia combined. It is
considerably larger than the island of Porto Rico. Distances
between schools and stations on the moqui Reserve exceed those
between Washington and Baltimore, and when business with the
