LAST WORDSYes, seniors! We finally made it! For those of you who have been here since 7th grade, thanksfor hanging in there. It seems like it was only last month when we started out in the 7th grade!Now we' re graduating 2011! Thank you everyone for supporting me or being my friend whilebeing here. I' m going to miss you guys! You' re all awesome! Woo! 2k11!TylerBailonWell guys, we finally did it. Congrats to the class of 2011. To Lena, I would like to thank youfor being by my side throughout the 6 years we' ve been here. To my LMC crew, Ant, Lenaand Kollin, thanks for the laughs. To the rest of my friends, thank you all for the laughs,smiles, and the exciting and crazy moments we had while in high school. To my dad and mamaCordy, thanks for always pushing me to do my best, and to never give up. To the rest of myfamily, I thank you all for believing in me, and for being by my side throughout my high schoolyears. To Josh, thanks for being by my side through thick and thin. Thanks, too, for alwayspushing me to do my best and for always pushing me to get my work done. Finally, I want tothank all the teachers for helping me get through my high school years and teaching me what Iwill be taking out of S. F. I. S. I Love You All! To the rest of the class, I wish you the best ofluck in the future. We did it!!!TANECSFISAmberBesselenteWow! Four years of high school already at an end, dang that went by so quick. There are so many peoplethat have helped me be where I am at today. First of all, I would like to thank my parents for all theirlove and support throughout all my years, I wouldn' t be where I' m at today without the both of you!! Ilove you both very much! I would also like to thank my bestie Jay for sticking by my side through thethree years we' ve known each other. You made my years here memorable. I will miss you very much! Iwould like to thank the seniors on 1st floor who made the dorms so much fun for me this year: Dee, Ariel,Sam, Lena, Rachel,& Randi. I will miss all of you guys so much. It was great working with you all thisyear! I would also like to thank Bentz for all the great advice you have given me and also bringing me“ breakfast burritos ” in the mornings! To my underclassmen on 1st floor, you girls are the best and youmade my last year here so much fun! I will miss all of you girlies. And keep up all the great work! To mysisters Jazzy& Justine, thanks for all the fun times. You are the best!!! I will miss you girls so much andkeep up with school. You two only have a year left! Jazzy, I will try to make it back for your games nextyear. Remember your# 1 fan( wink wink)! I would also like to say thanks to the yearbook class for allthe fun times!! That was the best class ever, especially picking on Jake( just kidding). And to myroommate AMBER, thanks for all the crazy times that we' ve shared this year. You' re the best roommateever! I' m going to miss you dearly. Good luck next year! Last but not least I would like to sayCONGRATULATIONS to the CLASS OF 2011!!! WE MADE IT!!! BEST OF LUCK TO ALL OFYOU!!!KianaBird