4.
The first part of the fisoal year was given over to acquainting the
Indians with the now plans and the Department of Agrioulture under which
Soil Conservation work was being done on the reservation, and the Depart
mont of the Interior, under which othor departmonts worked, were not brought
into the close cooperation desired by the Washington Office until after the
1st of January when all departments were placed under one head, which caused
olosor cooperation and loss confusion in handling the many problems in con
nection with the consorving of the soil and caring for the natural resources
of the Navajos.
Under this more systematic organization the entire reservation has
been divided in acoordance with the natural contours of the soction and where
similar conditions exist. This natural division has divided the reservation
into nineteen districts, one of which includes the Hopis, and with the excop
tion of land management, is handled by another superintendent. Over each of
these eighteen distriots is placed a district supervisor, who is directly re
sponsible and reports to the Agency Superintendent. As soon as funds can be
provided, in order to make of each of these grazing districts a workable unit,
it is planned on having a clerk under him who can handle all reports and of
fice work in connection with that district, a representative from the Exten
sion department, and two forestry aids, who can render needful assistance in
properly handling the grazing and range matters for the district, all of this
force to be under the direotion of the district supervisor.
Section One. Industrial development and welfare, and social conditions.
A.( 1) Industrial Development. On the Reservation.
In order to secure the necessary data for the handling of
relief and employment, a department was set up at the Central
Agenoy under Mr. L. T. Hoffman of the Soil Conservation Ser
vice, who has listed each family on the reservation, showing
the needs, members thereof, stock and other property owned,
and need of the members för assistance in labor, supplies
or equipment. There is attached a statement of Mr. Hoffman
showing what has been done along industrial, welfare and
social lines.
( 2) Off the Reservation.
There is in the town of Gallup an employment office with
records and applications for Indian employment covering both
Navajos and all other Indians of this section. Because of
the location of this employment office, there are opportuni
ties for listing work in different sections adjacent to
Gallup and where skilled labor is required on the reserva
tion or off, Indians are given an opportunity of securing
this by having their applications so listed and it has been
found most helpful for those cases which could not be cared
for by our central employment office. There is attached a
statement by this Employment Agenoy showing the work that is
being done there and their manner of handling employment off
the reservation.
