at the present time, unless some legislation is enacted at the
next session of Congress there is no question but what very
serious difficulties will arise in several of these pueblos.
We have been able to stave off several impending cases which
might develop into serious difficulty by informing the Indians
that there is a good prospect that some kind of legislation will
be enacted at the next session of Congress, which will help
clarify this situation.
The Indians of this jurisdiction hold quite a few Indian
dances of a religious nature, which are apparently harmless in
themselves except that they consume quite a bit of time which
could probably be better used in other pursuits. There seems to
be a tendency to gradually do away with these dances as the re
turned students increase, and I believe that it is just a question
of time until the Indian dances will be of very minor importance
in the conmunity life of these Indians.
The Indians of this jurisdiction generally observe the
marriage laws of the state. There are a very few of them living
under the old customs of Indian marriage. They are also secur
ing divorces in the State Courts in a few cases, and there is
a growing tendency among them to apply for divorce rather than
to merely separate and live with other Indians of the pueblo.
This has caused considerable agitation in some of the pueblos
due to the fact that the divorce is granted in the State Courts
and the governing officials do not see why they are not consulted
and have some consideration in the matter. This matter can be
taken care of at the same time the general question of law and
order is adjusted by legislation, as previously suggested. I am
not deputized by this State to issue marriage licenses.
The Indians of this jurisdiction are almost entirely of the
Catholic faith, there being a small settlement in Laguna of the
Presbyterian faith. All of the pueblos are attended by Catholic
Priests, the Presbyterians having missions at Jemez and Laguna,
and the Baptists having just entered the field at Isleta.
1954 a small settlement in Tamm
The liquor question among the Indians of this jurisdiction
seems to be getting worse every year, due primarily to the fact
that there are not sufficient law enforcement officers to protect
the Indians from bootleggers, and also to the fact that the Courts
seem to be very lenient in cases that are brought before them.
In the past ten years a definite trend toward increased use of
liquor by these Indians can be observed. The first several years
after the enactment of the National Prohibition Act, what boot
legging was done among the Indians was done by Mexicans and other
non- Indians. Then it developed that certain Indians of each
pueblo, seeing the profits to be obtained, took up the profession
of bootlegging. Apparently with a keen eye to business, they are
now eliminating the middle man and starting to manufacture boot
aftering
was
done
anothe
developed
thabtained
,
took
up
nees
,
they
are
