- 6-
WELFARE AND SOCIAL CONDITIONS
The economic status of the Zunis compares very favorably
with that of Indians in other sections. We have a condition
existing here which should be corrected and that is the failure
upon the part of the Indians to observe the law concerning le
gal marriage and divorce. Under the Indian custom marriage an
Indian can desert his wife and family and take another wife and
nothing can be done. While we are enabled to insist upon the
support of the children to a certain extent there are many cases
which cannot be reached because of the lack of power to en force
a regulation for which no law exists. Some action should be
taken by the Congress of the United States either to extend the
laws of the country and State over Indian reservations or to pro
mulgate Federal laws which will meet the situation that exists
upon Indian reservations where we are now without such.
Generally speaking, the Zunis are law abiding and not dif
ficult to handle. While but few indulge in the use of intoxi
cants there is a certain amount of drinking upon this reserva
tion and I am sorry to state that this is increasing.
With reference to the accomplishments of the past year, it
is felt that one of the greatest of recent years took place when
the consent of the Indians was secured for an equal di vision of
their irrigable lands when water is developed at the different
projects. When the Blackrock dam was constructed a survey was
made of the lands under this project and a division of the irri
gable lands in ten acre tracts, with established corners, made.
Because of the fact that the older Indians claimed the lands
through their rathers and grandfathers, this division was dis
regarded by the Indians and the older ones who were in power
changed the boundaries and continued to hold the lands under
these old claims. This condition existed with reference to the
outlying districts as some had claims under each of the projects
of the reservation and these old Indians had sufficient power
to collect tribute from anyone using these lands, and if such
lease payments, or tribute, money was not paid, would make it so
uncomfortable for the user that in nearly every case he would
abandon his holdings. This matter was explained to your office
and with the assistance of Gov. Hagerman, meetings of the Indi
ans were held and the matter explained to them that unless an
equitable division of all irrigable lands could be agreed upon
by the Indians no appropriation for water development could be
expected from the Government. When this was entirely understood
