Muoio Report
Progros. Invelo B- 1, 3-2, and B- 3.
1. Xota Songs
Id alnging rote congo good head tonos, oleof onunolation and
pronunciation were strooeed. Yolling was avoided,
the rote songs for these groupe were written or multistamped
in their note books so that they could be trept for their song
booke. Songe from the Golden Sois Book an Tot the Univeriai
Song Book, No. 1 were also learned by roto and also by reading.
Through the go aongo the noodsaasy msleal toroworo learnod. These
Inoluded-- tart, 6102, time signature, koy signature, bar, madure,
double bar, sharp, flat, notes and resta, They learned the idnto
of notes and the value of each. They learned to make each of the so
moioal signs and learnod the moening of each ono so it could be
interpreted corrootly. Other terme loarnod and intorpro tod were
*, P,, mp, 41, pp, and zit.
II. Rhythm Development
The children learned to beat time to malo in 4/4, 3/4 and 8/4
timo, moy aloo learned to recogniso the rhythm of muslo upon
hoosing the first low mo aburos.
The ohladron in thoso Toppe liked to oroh and olay to musio.
Tho xinythm band instrumonta wore ubod to oxpress rhythm and
alao to dovolop rhythm in those who did not show oh rhythm. Pach
group had ito own band whion they en Joyod very much,
III Appreciation
a. lusioal Ino trumento
The childron in the go throe krovna loarned to closiny
by picture( and a fow of the inot anonta by sound) moot of the
instrumento according to their families. Thoy learnod the namos
and touoo of moet of the inetruments in the Crown Point Band.
B. Kotonins
How to bohavo whon malo lo playing wag aloo atroduod la
the so groupe, he was put into practice during tho musio lietoning
period and aloo at band concertc.
Analo Roard:
Spinning song
honde labohn
At the Brook
Boiadoffro
Marguerites
Hadloy
Tho Night Patrol
swing toad
Teasing
Von Wilm
6. Rhythmio musta for Diocovering Accent
w124 Horseman
Dokuwana
walts
Cradlo Song
Sohuninn
Staro and Stripes Forover Sousa
Maroh of tho toyo
Horbert
At the end of the yoаr the children were able to rodogniso
the maio of oight or ton me loal conpositions upon hoaring the
