ca5.With our population of some six thousand five hundred to eightthousand, I do not think there are a dozen half- bloode on thereservation. I know of but one mixed marriage and that wascontracted during the present year when the sewyer got mixedup with a girl somewhat well known on the Fort Defiance side,and married her. One of our ex- school girls who was workingin Durango married a Mexican this spring, but they have goneto Ignacio to live. The people are free from venereal diseases,are vigorous and on the increase, even with a high infant deathrate, due to the ignorance of many of the mothers. Not muchcan be said as to the progressiveness of the tribe. Ite 10oation 16 against that. There are many of them who have neverbeen away from the Navajo country, many young people who neversaw a white man except the trader and his family, and who ranand hid when hr. Jensen and I drove into their country lastfall. While they are very superstitious and primitive, theyare industrious and self- supporting. They know the sheep business and make a living in the desert where a white man wouldhave difficulty in doing 80. The women weave the well- knownNavajo blankets, in the most beautiful patterns and blendingof colors, and do it all" out of their heads." NO two Navajorugs are exactly alike. There is no white person living whocan weave one of these rugs, even with a pattern. There aremen silversmithe who do fine work in manufacturing bracelets,necklaces, rings, and the like. The work of making progressmust be slow, and some of the desirable native work will nodoubt disappear with the process. Not much progress will benoticed in one or two generations. More schools and more whitepeople among the Indians must be provided before muoh can bedone to break down superstition, the influence of the medicinemen and the old Indians, all of which hinder progress.As set out above, we have many hundreds of children ofschool age who are not in any school sitply because we have noschools for them. Such few pupils as we have had who might betermed i noorrigible have been dismissed and sent home and achild allowed to enter who is worth working with. I recalltwo cases where we have dismissed boys who would not readilyrespond to our efforts. If we had been short of pupils wewould have worked them over and made them come up to time.I have never admitted that any boy under eighteen was unnanageable when you have him under your personal direction all thetime. We have only a very few re turned students outside of16.