0
-2
Schools( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
The morality of these Indians is questionable, and our
progress on account of this is very slow. This is a serious
handicap to both these tribes but especially to the Hopis.
We have worked hard to enroll all children of school age
on the reservation in some school. Practically all children
eligible for the Hopi day schools will be in school when it
opens this fali. A number of Navajo children have to be ex
cused on account of caring for native industries, herding
sheep, and caring for the old and indigent Indians among the
Nava jos.
We have very few incorrigible pupils. The condition of
returned students from outside schools is not what it should
be. There should be some effort made by the Indian Office to
take care of these people off the reservation. The majority
of them return to the reservation expecting that we can give
them work or that they can get work here. We do everything
we possibly can for them and have placed a great many, both
on and off the rosorvation, but there should be a system es
tablished whereby these people could be carefully looked
after and could receive the onoouragement and attention they
should have. At different schools we have places where they
may meet, and we have also sent& number of them out of the
State in order to place thom in good influences and among fine
people.
We have no graduates from any of our schools.
Wo 001
sistently and carefully follow the course of study for Indian
schools. Our school room equipment is only fair. We need
considerable money for equipment in all of our schools.
The adaptability of the books on the authorized list for
use in our schools is satisfactory. Industrial training is
given at the day schools and also at the boarding school.
This applies to both girls and boys. Pre- vocational work is
given at the boarding and day schools; for boys in carpentry,
painting, electrical and stoam engineering, blacksmithing,
gardening, masonry, auto mechanios, truck driving, etc. and
for girls in domestic art, home boonomics, cooking, sewing,
nativo arts, etc. We certainly need considerable equipment
for both our day and boarding schools. We need new seating
capacity in all our school rooms.
The efficienoy, loyalty, and cooperation among our em
ployees, both school and Agenoy, is above the ordinary. The
harmony is especially good. They are doing splendid work.
Unfortunately we are very short of accomodations for both
families and single persons at our schools. We need& number
of small cottages for both Agenoy and school employees, here
