T9608
salary and promote the interests of the agency and Indians.
BLACKSMITH.
John Stewart; age 49; salary$ 720.00.
Said to be a capable
man.
CARPENTER AND WHEELWRIGHT.
Charles Drury; age 59; salary$ 720.00. A good workman and wil
ling to perform the tasks assigned him.
ENGINEER AND SAWYER.
J. H. Henderson; age 49; salary$ 720.00. I did not meet Mr.
Henderson, but I learned that he is performing his work in a manner
satisfactory to the agent.
ADDITIONAL FARMERS.
Elvin E. Rogers; age 34; and Martin F. Long, age 33. I heard no
complaints concerning these mon, and I believe they are performing
their several tasks with satisfaction to the agent.
INDIAN EMPLOYES.
There are 20 Ind lan employes; one stable man; 3 laborers; one
ox driver; 3 judges; one Capta in of the Indian Police; one Lieuten
ant and 14 privates. These Indians average as well, perhaps better
than most of the Indians in the United States.
GHIERAL REMARKS.
The Navajoe Agency is distant about 35 miles from Gallup, New
Mexico, the nærest railroad station on the Santa Fe system. It was
formerly known as Fort Defiance, and I learn that the post was orig
Inally established by Kit Carson. As a military post it was badly.
chosen, for, even to the eye of a civilian, the position is untenable
in case of attack, being surrounded by bluff's where Indians could
easily conceal themselves within even pistol shot of the buildings
and so high above them as to be able to fire down into the roofs. It
is, however, a sheltered and cozy nook for agency and school purpo
ses, and has a fair supply of pure water, with plenty of wood and
coal within easy reach.
The character of the Navajoe reservation is sandstone forma
tion, interlarded with an occasional strata of lime. There is but
little soil upon the hills,- really none in most places. A stunted
growth of cedar, with an occasional nut pine, comprises the forest,
or most of it, although there is a small district, where the saw- mill
is located, that has a growth of inferior quality of yellow pine.
As a grasing or agricultural country, it is very poor, there
being but little land fit for cultivation; and the soil being so
limited on the rocks, the grass, which appears during the fall
rains and from the melting snows of the winter, is soon parched by
the summer heat, and the reservation is almost entirely without
( 2)
