s ome 30 to 40 young trees in a different locality. Despitethe drought and lack of water for irrigationmost of the seyoung trees are coming on in good shape. Of course, we havemade special efforts to save themeven going to far as tosave slop water in some instances for watering them.The question might be asked why we do not developour own water supply. That was tried once and the bestwe have ever beenable to get was 40 gallons a minute.Not very much for an institution like thisThe well thatproduces that flow is open and we could hook onto itat any time. But I do not contemplate doing so unlesswe should at any time reach the point where we shouldhave to get water at any cost. In that case, I think Ishould put a self- oiling wind- pump to ork on it Themill would not cost much, but the overhead storage tankwouldIt has been suggested to me that I get a halfacre of ground down by the river about a mile from hereand try to develop water there. The initial expensewould be enormous and I have no money available for itMore over, the operation would costa good deal and anextra employee would be necessaryall this IN CASE WESHOULD STRIKE WATER AT ALL, which is by no means certain.Of course we could get water But would we get a flowsufficient to be worthy of any attention? All in allI think we had better let things stand as they arebefore we go to spending a lot of money on a very uncertain project.Anything and everything we produce in the way ofgarden, farm, or dairy products goes onto the table forthe pupils, either directly or indirectly. Only veryrarely do we have any excess. It is impracticabletosave seed for the next year' s planting We are 7, 000feet above sea level at the schoola fact which makesour season pretty short; and as a rule, seeds do not mature very well. So we buy most of our seeds froms ome of the Colorado companies. We have a greenhouse,which is mainly devoted to the production of floweringand ornamentalplants It is very satisfactory. Wealso use it for the purpose of giving cabbage and otherplantlets" an early start" in the spring.We have a dairy herd, rather meager in number.But owingto the fact that we have to buy all of the feed,the water situation, as alreadystated, makingit impossiblefor us to produce anything worth mentioning in the way offorage, I am holdingthe herd down in numberswithinthelimitpossible of being supplied with a surfcient amountof feedkeep" boardersweeded out,so that allthe milkersI have are at least paying their wayA regular