SUGGESTIONS RELATIVE TO THE PREPARATION OF THE U. S INDIAN SERVICE EXTENSION WORKERANNUAL REPORTThis report form is to be submitted annually by each reservation. On those jurisdictions having such workers, the agricultural and homeextension agents will be responsible for the report. On those jurisdictions having no such workers, the superintendent will submit same.This form will also be used by the farm agents, stockmen, etc., in compiling the reports of their respective districts. These will be turnedover to the superintendent or extension agent, from which the jurisdiction report will be compiled.If any extension worker has not been employed during the entire year, the exact period of employment should be indicated. Workersresigning or leaving the Service during year should be required to submit this report before leaving.This report is to be submitted in duplicate to the Division of Extension and Industry, U. S. Indian Service, Salt Lake City, Utah, byDecember 31.The annual report should be a summary, with analysis and interpretations, for presentation of the extension activities on each jurisdiction for the year, and the results obtained by the extension workers. The making of such a report is of great value to the extensiondivision in showing the progress made during the year, as a basis for future plans. It is of vital concern as a measure of progress and abasis for intelligent legislation and financial support of extension work.Where a worker in charge of a lire of work has quit the service during the year, the information contained in his or her report shouldbe incorporated in the annual report of the worker on duty at the close of the report year, and the latter report so marked. Statisticsshould not be duplicated. This blank will constitute the Extension and Industry section of the Superintendent's annual report to theCommissioner, and enough copies should be made to supply the needs for that report as well as the two copies for The ExtensionDivision mentioned aboveNarrative Summary:The narrative report should summarize and interpret the outstanding results accomplished and the extension methods used under appropriate subheadings, for each project. Every statement should be clear- cut, concise, forceful, and where possible, reenforced with necessary data from the statistical summary. Use an interesting style of writing, giving major accomplishments first under each project. Giveextension methods fully relating to outstanding results only, and where practical illustrate with photographs, maps, diagrams, blue prints,or copies of charts and other forms used. Full credit should be given to all co- op'rating agencies. The lines should be single spaced, withdouble space between the paragraphs, and reasonably good margins. The pages should be numbered in consecutive order.The following outline is suggestive of how the narrative report may be clearly and systematically presented. Each agent should adaptthe outline to the situation and the work to be reported. Reports must be submitted on letter size paper bound in a letter size heavyweight folder.Suggestive Outline of Annual Narrative ReportI. Cover and title page.II. Table of contents.III. Summary of activities and accomplishments, preferably of one or two typewritten pages only.IV. Status of extension organization.1. Form of organization- changes and development.2. Function of local people, committees, or project leaders in developing the program of work.3. General policies, including relationships to other branches of the service and outside organizations.V. Program of work. List goals set up, methods employed, and results achieved.1. Factors considered and methods used in determining program of work.2. Project activities and results.( a) Home Improvement.( b) 4- H Club Work.( c) General Crops.( d) Livestock.( e) Miscellaneous.VI. Outlook and recommendations, including projects and programs of work for next year in outline.( Complete projects due atSalt Lake Office Dec. 15.)Statistical SummaryTo supplement the narrative part of the report, and in order that comparable summaries may be made, it is necessary to include astatistical summary of the work on each jurisdiction. The following form has been prepared to insure uniformity of reporting:Haskell Institute- 6-7-34-4500[ 2]