O-9intrusive mass and are undisturbed.In one case, that ofthe Table Mesa Plug, where the sedimentaries appear to benormal, there is evidence of post- Cretaceous disturbance inone of the dikes running southeast of the plug. In thisinstance there is an abundance of intrusive material andbreccia which has issued from between the bedding planes of asandy shale and sandstone horizon within the Mancos shale.The writer believes that perhaps there have been two stagesof vulcanism in this locality:- one of post- Pennsylvanianage which brought up fragments of Pennsylvanian limestonefound imbedded in the intrusive mass of Shiprock and whichformed the major plugs mentioned; and then another stagewith movements along former lines of weakness which has givenus the post- Cretaceous intrusives in different places.Certainly volcanic activity of post- Cretaceous time involvedthe Carrizo mountain group folding, because all of theCretaceous deposits are effected in the folding. It has beensuggested by some that the structures in this region are oflacolithic origin and that oil of such high gravity is dueto a refinement resulting from the heat and pressure of thein trusive material. Of course this remains to be proven,as do a great many theories of petroleum geology, but itis certainly possible and may have an important bearing onthe genesis of the high gravity crude which can be used asgasoline in any motor car without any adjustment of carburetor.Hogback crude has considerable odor of hydrogen sulphidewith it and the water wells drilled on Hogback to the Dakotaproduce a very rotten, bitter sulphur water luke warm intemperature, with one exception. This one exception was thewell drilled by R. D. Compton in Section 30, which secureda good flow of fresh, cool, soft water from the Dakota sandstone.Apparently the two wa ters are of different origin orsource. The Compton well is somewhat down on the structureand is not near the zone of faulting previously discussed.Rattlesnake crude has no sulphur odor and the Dako tasandstone at that point conta ins water of only a slight sulphurodor.Radiating from most of the large plugs in the vicinityare numerous dikes and in most cases there are numeroussmall springs of sulphur water along their outcrop. The TableMesa well secured a good flow of fresh soft water from theTocito sandstone at a depth of approximately 525 feet and thenpicked up the rotten sulphur water in the Dakota. The GypsyOil Company well on the Tocito structure secured a good freshwater all the way through the Dakota. Several of the springslocated in close proximity to dikes produce enough water forstock purposes.