299
ssur ta p6, N,. Nov, ist., 1900,
TO DAY SCHOOL TEACHERS:
. l. enclose herewith for your guide se in che tutura preparatis
of official papers, sample," Monthly Reports School,- Quarterly Report
of Schsels and Voucher Abstract" JP".
20I would call your attenuion to the fact that when these papers
are submitted to this office they should ce complete in every artistlar
anc a hank spaces should be properly. 411ed as shown on 1 pas
3- The Puebo and Jicarilla Agency has been abolished, and the
s3. 100ls under 4 jarisdiction of the Superintendent of the Santa?
58 srding school, are known as" Tsanta. Day Schools."
kiin olonthly and qui arterly school reports should be eated on the las
day or the month and quarter, no riter wat day of the week it may be.
zu ei) ay School Teachers are pafd at the rate of$ 72, 00 per month ad
Pad not$ 7. 20. 00 er annarri. Te ser of days you ars on duty durine
the quarter, will be the number of teyr for which you re entitled to rem
ceive pey.
6m mArticles berne on your property return and accompaning papers
Rzed alphabetically and in accordance with the 1st Purnt
shed by this orrice.
7-- The Indian orri es under date of October 22nd, states that:
vegue and indefinite explanation given by teachers of the Santa Is Day
Schools as te menner of expenditure of articles dropped, is entirely une
satisfactory. The use or the words" Used at, in, or by school' is albout As
specific an explanation of property, as though it were stated used en
Soney. The disposition made of esch article nsat ho stated on the vari
26".*
8.-- Crackery, 41 as Sware, 6 tito, may be droppei" vhon too badly brokan
pe identified by board of survey" al se text books asei in schools Jay 16
dropped when worn out and worthless."
ge. When making your expendit res you should be careful to exeatre
the property list, and see that Ms articles are properly sxpended. You*
will find" cups tea, net Ten cups,'* 01 kesene, not Kerosene oil- ºpra
sho 3 so ruh, not srub brushee ste., etc.
10.- grasures, alterations or internations are not allowed on
Orricial, papers.
11-- Day School. Teachers are expected to have a supply of blanks on
hand at all times. This office tas no me ars of knowing when a Teacher
is in need or bi anks. A failure to submit reports promptiy" beg Ruse no
01. ark 8 ere sent" is no Oxcuse whatever as 57 aks may be obtaied at any
tirne, and you are expected to call for them before they are actually
needed.
12om separate list must be kept of the Medical Property furni4. sa
your school and you should submit a 13t at he end of each quarta show
ing the amount used and the balance en hand.
Ver respectry2 IY,
only
. معمقا
من ۴ همسفر
مفعم
