FREIGHT AND EXPRESS: HOLBROOK, ARIZONA( A. T. a s. F. RY. CO.)
TELEGRAPH ADDRESS: KEAMS CANON, ARIZONA. VIA
HOLBROOK, ARIZONA
1
Annual Report;
Moqui.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
UNITED STATEI INIDAN SERVICE
MOQUI INDIAN RESERVATION
HOPI AND NAVAJO INDIANS
OPPICI OP
LEO CRANE, SUPERINTENDENT
MOQUI AGENCY.
KEAMS CANON, ARIZONA.
March 16, 1919.
MAR
24
1919
ad
...
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Washington.
Sir:
I have the honor to transmit herewith the Narrative Section
of the Annual Report for the Moqui Indian Reservation for the fiscal
year 1918, also including statistics and comment incident to the first
eight months of the fiscal year 1919. It is believed a record of
important events occurring after July 1, 1918 will be of interest to
any new super intendent, and to the Indian Office, especially the
report on Bond Sales and epidemic of Spanish Influenza.
It is regretted that this section of the Annual Report has
not been presented sooner, but I can only state that from July 1, 1918
to October 1, 1918 the Moqui office was not supplied with the sort
of help that relieves a superintendent from routine matters to the
Writing of an Annual Report. That period was largely represented
by a complete absence of clerks, and those who came during September
and October were uatrained as to Service methods. During this time
every effort was being made to coordinate property to fit the new
accounting system. The routine work of the Agency had to proceed.
The Fourth Liberty Loan campaign fell in this period, and Indians
are not sold bonds over an agency desk or by telephono. The figures
given in the report as to my bond sales, I believe, will justify the
time I gave to travel over the reservation. The months of October,
November and December 1918 were devoted to saving Indians and white
employees from death by Influenza and pneumonia. I am frank to
say that I did not think of the Annual Report during that whole
period. Fifty out of seventy employees suffered from this disease
and had to have hospital treatment. Naturally the office force
was not immune. During January and February 1919 my personal
attention was largely given to the 1920 Anmal Estimates, to the
number of six( eighteen copies), because untrained clerks are not
capable of considering reservation needs and balancing estimates
to fit the appor tionment of funds. These are my reasons for not
having completed 80 large and important a report as this one,
believing that it should be fairly complete.
Recently a telegram was sent stating that this report
would be mailed on March 8. It was later found to be impossible
to type- write the matter by that date. There are no expert typists
in the Moqui office, and should the next superintendent not be
capable of battering the stuff out personally, other reports will
likely be delayed.
The Moqui census for the period is being copied and will
be forwarded as soon as completed.
Respect
Prane
Superintendent.
