of food of ofTo my Fellow Seniors, We Finally Made It! Best wishes and Best ofLuck in what you do! I hope to see ya' ll succeed in Life! To my bestfriends, Bernie, Erica, Skubba Pat, I love you guys and don' t forgetme! I might become famous! LOL! To my Daddy and Mommy, I loveyou both, thanks for all the support and keep that love coming! Tomy Grandma Anita and Grandpa Luciano and my whole family,including Boogs and Daddy Boogs, I love you ali and thanks for allthe love and support as I was growing up!' To Donavan, you knowwho you are, thanks for all the laughs and everything else! I Loveyou very much and I always will! To Denika, Ernest, and Mandy, Ihope you succeed in life! Live Life to the Fullest! To my baby Justino,I Love you and I hope you live a long happy Life! “ Life is not aboutfinding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.- George Bernard' Shaw' Love Always, Natalie “ Nannie" PinoI just want to thank my friends especially Cam and my family formaking school easy; but sometimes tough. I really want to thank mygrandma, Mary Alice, I miss you and Rest in Peace and continue towatch over us. Thank you for never giving up on your family andraising us right. With that said, I have one thing, just make sure shegets a working locker. Just Joking! I give my locker# 2. 5 to my# 1cousin, Victoria! “ Everything' s gonna be alright. ” Bob Marley-Melissa RabitoyI would like to thank my mom, my grandma, and Nichelle foralways being there for me. Thanks to my Grandpa Yeppa for wakingme up every morning to run. I also want to thank Mr. Grimley forbeing the new head coach for Cross Country and for encouragingmeto be the best that I can be. I want to say thanks to Ms. Salvatierra,Mrs. Grimley, and Tina Hartz for making me do my homework andhelping me to succeed. Thanks to Rueben for being á cool friend. GoodLuck to all the Seniors.- Tony Sando_ “ It is better that one man should perish thanthat a whole nation should be destroyed."Bender of the Pine Bow( Lenape)" Nothingcan change what has happened, but historyis what we make of what happened, andthat means trying to see not just how wecame to be where we are, but also where weare headed. ”- Joseph SuinaNEW MEXICOJoseph Suinaodod offood for of