ANNUAL REPORT 1926
CARSON INDIAN AGENCY
BUILDINGS AND REPAIRS
During the fiscal year closing June 30, 1926, there
were two buildings put up on the school grounds; one a bakery
building, which is now alrnost ready for use, and the other a
building for the post office. Other building had been contermplated
but due to the fact that authority for the erection of the
bakery building was not received in time for it to be paid for
out of 1925 funds we were forced to pay it from 1926 funds with
the result that little money was left to undertake additional
building. The bakery cost between$ 4000 and$ 4500.
Much painting was done during the year but due to
a shortage in the he pair and Improvement fund it was necessary
to dispense with the services of Mr. Day, terporary painter, to
avoid completely exhausting the funds, in consequence auch
painting which we wanted to do during the school year had to
wait for 1927 funds. The school plent is very largely of frarie
construction and as a result a very great deal of painting is
ne cessary to keep the buildings in proper state of preservation.
The repair work of the school is done in large part by the regular
school carpenter, who had an assistant for a part of the school
year. The school is in need of a. d. di ti onal funds to extend the
heating plant to the boys' building, employees buildings, hospital
and the gyrmasi um. We will also need to spend considerable money
in building a viaduct to prevent seepage water from coming in
contact with the steam pipes underground. After the irrigation
of the lavms and flowers got in full swing in the spring it was
inpossible to conduct steam from the central heating plant to
the laundry on account of this underground water coming in
contact with the steari pipes. If the money to accomplish this
work in connection with the central heating plant rust core from
the regular Repair and Irprovement fund there will be none left
with which to do building and painting and not enough left to
take care of the ordinary repair and improvements. An extra
a propriation for this work is urgent and is a necessity.
