( 5)Industries( continued)Hopi Indian Agency( n)" We have no tribal herd.Conditions on our reservation are unfavorable for carrying on of anydairy industry.( a) I would suggest that no plan be promulgated for the establishment of dairy among these Indias.( b) We have had a milk goat herd, for the past two years but findthat the cost of feed and care for the amount of milk we get ffom them ismore than twice the cost of milk we can buy. We are going to get ridef thegoats and are going to try several cows..( c) The object lesson of our goats to the Indians was a fine one.Every buck we raised we traded to the Indians for lambs to kill for schooluse. In this way the old Indians got the benefit of the goat herd while wehad it.( a) The Indians do not have sufficient funds to. meinta in milkCOWS. They will not even take proper care of milk cows for the attentionthey desire or have to have. There is no forage raised in this country forsuch animals.The blanket weaving, basket and pottery making of these Indians arebringing in more money each year and they have a market for everything theymake at very good prices. In fact, these native arts and caafts are meldingthese Indians absolutely independent because each year they get more moneyout of these industries.The work of returned stud ents as compared with other Indians is notwhat it should be from the fact that the returned students are unable to getwork on the reservation and they very much dislike to go away from theirpeople to start out in new communities among strangers. They are also handicapped in these respects because their parents will do anything they can tohold them on the reservation even if they have to support them or maintainthe home for them.We have no farmers or industrial teach ers on this reservation. We havetwo stockmen, one who looks after or works entirely among the Nava jos andthe other among the Hopis. The se stockmen are interested in improving thestock, eliminating the trouble between the two tribes and stock raisers andagricultural men of the different tribes, and in assisting the Indians toget more water, better grazing and to be independent so far as he can throughhis native industries. They are doing good work along these lines and theIndians seem to be cooperating with them for better conditions.