June 30, 1920. The Office will noto with significance the definitopolicies inaugurated during the yoar 1920. The first issue of shoopwas made to the Ticarilla in April 1920 and they realized an incomofrom the wool clip and the salo of lambs that yoar. Further issueof sheep was made them in November of that year with a corrospondingincrease in income the next year. Also in the autumn of 1920 thesanatorium was opened. Had not these two important steps boon taken,judging from previous years, it is not difficult to see what wouldhave been the plight of the Jicarilla Apache today. The rate atwhich they wero dying provious to the year 1920 it was estimated thatthe tribo would have been extinct in the year 1932,Today the Jicarilla have their flocks which furnish them anoccupation and income for the purchase of food and clothing. Theyhavo takon a new interest in life. Their homes are being built withsome knowledge of ventilation and sanitation, although they are notyot what we would like to son, but there is a noticeablo improvementfrom yoar to year. The gonoral health conditions have improved ascan be noted from the yearly congus from the year 1920 to date. Instead of becoming extinct the population since 1920 has shown anincroase, with the exception of one year, until tho census for June 30,1929 listed 639 individuals.The Jicarilla have not yet built up an immunity against tuberculosis.During their years of poverty, insanitation, and idleness it is estimatedthat every homo had at least ono member afflicted with or who had diodof the disease. With many the whole family were afflicted. With suchfacts bordro us the offico can more fully appreciate the situation whichconfronts us today. The Jicarilla today are making a dosperate andsuccessful effort to recover from the ravages of disease. The processwill be slow but they have hope and we are not at all discouraged.The figures as given in the annual statistical report are correct.No. examined for tuberculosisNo. cases foundArrested--- 37924033By deducting the arrested cases the percentage will not be so high.Approximately 150 of those examined were children of school age and thebalance adults who applied for treatment. These were not necessarilysuspicious cases, but of course were those Indians who were not in thebest physical condition, otherwise they would not have applied to thephysician for treatment.Very truly youps,to porchSuperintendent.