39961
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE,
El Paso, Texas, Aug., 14th, 1899.
Honorable Secretary of the Interior,
Washington, D. C.
Sir:
Pursuant to your wire of July 31st, I proceeded to the Navajoe
Agency and made such inspection as was possible at this time of the
year, finding, as I did, the schools in vacation and many of the em
ployes absent on leave; also finding that the rainy season having
begun, the arroyos travers ing the reservation are so subject to sud
den rises as to make travel dangerous, in fact almost impossible. I.
beg leave, however, to submit the following concerning the Navajoe
Agency and Reservation:
AGENT.
I found Mr. G. W. Hayzlett in charge of the agency as United
States Indian Agent. He has been in that position less than one of
year, but I believe time will develop that the Department was fortu
nato in naming him to that responsible position. He is undoubtedly.
a man of character and executive ability. His failures, if any, will
be caused by kindness of heart and having too much confidence in the
Integrity of those under him.
CLERK.
F. Haldeman Dennison, clerk; age 26; salary$ 1,200.00. Mr. Den
nison is a capable young man. He is performing his duties in a busi
ness like and satisfactory manner. His office is well kept, papers
all being in order and everything presenting a neat and cleanly ap
pearance. I regret to say, however, that some reflections have beon
cast upon his character, which it will become my duty to present in
another paper which will accompany this report.
PHYSICIAIT.
Charles J. Finnegan, physician; 35 years of age; salary$ 1,100.00
Mr. Finnegan is absent on leave. Inquiry, however, revealed that he
enjoys the reputation of being a capable and conscientious man. I
went through his office and was not favorably impressed with the way
he kept his drugs and supplies. This disorder and confusion, how
ever, might have been caused by the haste in which himself and wife
prepared to take their leave.
FARMER.
W. H. H. Benefiel; age 57; a Grand Army man; salary$ 720.00.
Mr. Benefiel is a handy man. While I was there he was engaged in put
ting up a shed to shelter the wagons and other machinery belonging to
the agency. He is intelligent and earnest in his efforts to earn his
( 1)
