1
There are no contract schools under the jurisdiction of this agonoy.
The mission sohools at Jemez, Bornalillo and Sa ta Fo are rendering
good service and a spirit of increased co- operation is manifested at
the present time.
Insofar as moral ity is concerned the Pueblo Ind ians probably rank
considerably above the average Indian community. With one or two minor
exceptions the pueblos aro progressive.
As indicated above there are a number of eligible pupils not attending
any school. Earnest effort is made at the outset of each year to place
all of these pupils in school and this is always done insofar as space
is available in nearby schools. Very few incorrigiblo pupils are found
in the day schools and in the past these have been transferred to non
reservation schools we re more effective disciplining methods have
satisfactorily solved the problem.
Returned students find emple opportmity for lucrative employment
in railway shops and domestic work in the towns and cities adjacent to
the Pueblo country.
The academic work is under the supervisdon of Assistant Supervisor
Beam who insists upon compliance with the course of Study provided by
the Indian Office.
The books provided upon the authorized list seem to cover the needs
of these day schools. Industrial training is given at the day schools
insofar as same is practicable, considering the limited quarters and
equipment.
Additional buildings are needed and considerable additional equipment
should be provided for those build ings now owned by the government.
Employees are generally efficient and loyal and with one or two
exceptions have shown a spirit of cooperation. Accommodations for these
employees are adequate at none of the schools.
In some instances the
accommodations are so limited as to make it surprising that an employee
could be induced to remain on the job.
The day schools seem to have adapted themselves to the needs of the
beginners among these Indians. I camot point to any accomplishment
during the past year which has been more satisfactory than acoomplished
the year preceding for the reason that my term of incumbency has covered only
the one fiscal year.
-8
