Section III-Schools( cont'a)exception of one, have been re- stuccoed during the prosent year, andsome of the rooms re- plastered. Painting is now in progress, andthe plant generally is in good condition and ample for prosent neods.( b) A farm is maintained at the Taos Day School, wheresome instruction is given the children in agriculture.The vegetables raised are stored and used during thewinter months at the Hospital and at the Domestic ScienceDepartment of the School.( c) The School employees of the jurisdiction as a wholeare satisfactory, and sufficient in mumber to successfully carry on the work,4. 1. have no graduates at this jurisdiction. Upon finishing the Sixth Grade, the children from our Day Schools are transferredto non- reservation boarding schools.5. There is but one Mission School at this Jurisdictionwhore Indian children are in attendance. This is a boarding schoolInown as St. Catherine', Indian School, located at Santa Fe, NonMexico. A considerable number of Indian children attend this institution, and the instruction rocoived there is very satisfactory.6. Morally these people compare very favorably with otherIndian people. In fact, I believe in this respect, they are superiorto many of the other Indian tribes. Generally speaking they areprogressive, although their activities are limited to small portionsof farm lands, and in many instancos, to a very limited amount ofirrigation water.7. Pupils:( a) Every effort is made to secure the enrollment ofchildren of school age, and I believe I am safe insaying that every child of school age, and otherwiseeligible, was in at tendance during the past schoolyear. No great difficulty is experienced in securingthis attendanco.( b) the children attending these schools usually areamall, and no difficulty is experienced in maintainingproper discipline.( c) Returned students generally return to their homesand work on the farms. bfforts are made by us to secur. employment for them, and in many instances wesucceed in placing them in fairly good openings.