ANNUAL REPORT SANTA FE BOARDING SCHOOL, JUNE 30, 1924NARRATIVE SECTIONSection IVIndustriesIndustrial work is carried on at this school for tworeasons: first, in order to teach the Indian youth, andsec ond to get routine work done for the partial suppodt orupbuilding of the school Taking matters by and large,our biggest project each year, and incidentally the mostuncertain one, is the farm In the fall of 1923, as inthe fall of 1922, our harvest was a meager one; because ofthe continued drought of a couple of years. What threwus out most severely was the entire failure of the corncrop, which we have depended upon for making ensilage tofeed our dairy herd. Garden truck was fairly plentiful,excepting that the cabbage did no goodAgain this spring, the outlook for field crops thiscoming fall is anything but promising. A plague of cutworms has swept the whole country We planted 8, 000stocks of cabbage and all but about a thousand were eatenoff and completely destroyed. We planted again, butI fear the younger plants will not mature. We plantedfield corn in May, as usual May was cold and in the latterpart of the month came a cold rain.. The seed seems not tohave even germinated, although it was tested for germinationbefore planting. Or if any of it did germinate, it waseaten by the worms We have now replanted all the originalarea with rapid- growing sweet corm, in the hope that we maystill get enough growth to enable us to fill, or partially4111, our silos.Nothing new in the way of cereals, fruit trees,vegetables or other crops has been introduced. In fact,I think it would be better to take outall fruit trees entirelyand forego any further attempt to raise anything in theWay of fruits Indian pupils are so destructive of everythingof that nature that there is no use trying to save a cropPeach trees are raided and stripped unless some one standsguard day and night. The great majority of the Indianshave 11ttle or nothing at home, and they can not be madeto understand how to appreciate the value of anythinganybody else has. It is very discouragingThere willhave to be a big change in the racial temper before. anything along this line can be accomplished. It is the samehere as elsewhere. Carlisle tried an orchard for yearsand then dug it all up. I Think I' ll do the same here soon,and plant the space to something elseAll products of the farm and garden are reserved forconsumption by the school. Once in a great while, thereis a little surplus, which is sold to the employees.