- 3-
the adults and children or pre- school age, and urged them to accept
treatment and done a very important work in eäúcating them as to the
care of such cases. In like manner a general cleanup of the village
has been advocated, with fair results. Marked improvement has been
noticed during the past year in the care of the Inâian homes and
their surrounding territory.
It is thought that everytning has been accomplished that could have
been with the existing force of employees anâ the available facili
ties. Also, that the progress made during the past year exceeds the
progress made in former years as the Inäians are each year becoming
more amenable to professional and medical guidance by the white man.
A hospital at Zuni is neeầeà. A dairy herd should be main
tained along with an experimental station for the growing of veget
ables and Truits that would provide a better diet for the sick anů
under nourished day school children. A farmer- gardener should be
supplied the Blackrock Sanatorium School, both for a much needed
vegetable garden and to care for many acres of alfalfa that are
needed for the dairy herd maintained at Blackroak.
The drilling or several more deeg wells at Zuni is urgeå, both to
supply the Indians with good water, and to encourage them to scatter
out winere they can have well lighted and ventilated homes.
Not at the present time.
Cleanliness, better ventilation and better equipment, with the
necessary addition of plain Turniture to enable better sanitation
The field nurse has also done splendid work in demonstrating to the
mothers, the care of their babies.
The field nurse is specially trained as a public health nurse
and has had years of experience as a visiting nurse and as an organ
izer of women' s health clubs. She is attempting to instruct Indian
nothers along similar lines.
The field nurse resides at Zuni and visits the Indian homes
daily.
During the past year a dispensary ihas been established at Zuni,
the nurse occupying several adjoining rooms, near the center of the
village.
The physician keeps regular hours at the dispensary!
