-4
Sec. 3. Schools.
Ample accommodations are provided for the school
population by a well equipped boarding school one and one
quarter miles north of the agency, with accommodations for
106 pupils, a day school at the agency, with accommodations
for 25 children, and another day school at La Jara, 18 miles
south of the agency, which will accommodate thirty children,
The day school at the agency is very convenient for the
children of Indi an employees who live close to their work
near the agency. The day school at La Iara was not open
during the fiscal year 1913, due principally to the numero us
deaths that occwred in the spring of 1912, after an epidemic
of measl es bad attacked the tribe; leaving very few families
at La Jara who had children of school age. Ano ther reason
was that there was no work at La Jara for the Indians during
the winter; and all except those who had sheep or cattle in
that vicinity moved in to the agency to engage in tie op
erations or other work that could be found. Some improve
ments have been made in their home conditions at La Jara
during the past year and it is hoped that suficient
children will be there the coming year to warrant the open
ing of the school.
A very cre dit able enrollment was made in the
schools during the fiscal year 1913, that at the board.
ing school being 94 and at the Jicar illa day school 26,
a total of 120, which I believe is within ten or twelve
of the number of school children in healthy enough con
dition to stand school confinement. It has been deemed
best to decrease the time in the classrooms and to give
more time out of doors to nature studies, for the bene
fit of the health of the children; and this has been
proven to be wise by the general appearance and healthy
condition of the children upon leaving school in June.
The employees at the school in the main, are
satisfactory and show interest in their work. A domes
tic science cottage has been built dwing the year,
and the læger girls have taken an intense interest in
the same; in fact it is the favorite place for all the
girls. It was not difficult to persuade some of the
larger girls to stay in school during Vacation and live
in this building, and cook for the boys employed on the
farm.
The bu ildings at the school are in good con
dition, with the exception of much needed outside paint
