25.The tribal lands of the jurisdiction are used by the Nava jos,and, in addition there to, approximately 250,000 acres are leased from theSanta Fe Railway Company for the Nava jos' uso. These leases are paidfrom tribal funds.26.( a) The Navajo Indians are a very industmous peoplo, consequentlythere is not ordinarily a great problem with reference to employment. Theiremployment consists of sheep raising, agricultural work, blanket weaving,silversmithing, eto. It can therefore be seen that their own industriesprovide most of the employment necessary. There are, of course, quite a greatnumber who are employed elsewhere, namely, by the Government, Indian traders,the railroad, lumber companies, housewives, etc. Whilo unemployment is notordinarily a great problem, it has been causing us a great deal of concernduring this period of extreme depression.( b) In view of the great Indian population of this section ofthe country, it seems that a Supervisor of Employment would be justifiable,as the Indians need more assistance in finding employment than we are ableto furnish with our present start of employees.( c) All members of my start offer overy assistance possible tothe Indians in securing employment. However, their regular duties will notpermit any specialized work along these lines.( a) During the winter and early spring there is not sufficientwork locally to meet the needs of the people, but no particular sufferingis ordinarily experienced, as the Nava jos usually have some reserves to drawupon.( e) In consideration of the training po 88essed by the greaternumber of our people, the type of work most desired is of the unskilledclass. As more adequate training is received, they will naturally be fittedto hold skilled positions, and their adaptability in this regard seems tofavor such trades as carpentry, painting, auto mechanics, plumbing, etc.,for the young men, and nursing, teaching, dressmaking, cooking, etc., forthe young women.Aespectfully submitted,pot, B HemiterJis G. Hunter,Superintendent.JCH- FRHCc: Hon. H. J. Hagerman,Special Commissioner.Mr. A.C. Cooley,Director of Extension,- 18-