Page 4.
Section III, _Health.
Introduction:
From the public health point of view the health during the
past year on the reservation was exceptionally good except for
an epidemie or influenza during the last half of Tamary and
all during February. The weather itself was very mild. One
could travel by car soot of the time to the various points on
the resorvation.
There was one death during the winter of the school year
among the school children and tht was due to pneumonia follow
Ing Influenza. A considorable number of children in the school
developed running noses. One hundred and twenty- five tonsilec
tomies sexe performed during the school year and this leaboned
the running nosos considerably.
me number of maternity cases fell off during the last
fiscal year but this was expected. If one were to make a graph
one would see the alternating loe and tall. The capacity of
the maternity ward is thzoo, and once every year we are obliged
to put a few maternity cases into the general wan.
A larger mxuber of both the Hopis and Navajos are coming
into the hospital. The number of admissions last year were one
thousand and Mrty- four. This is an increase over the previous
year. The younger worden of both tribes are coming to the
hospital more than the older ones, in fact the older ones tary
to prevent the younger ones from coming in. In our maternity
wordt we have the problem ot distance to contend with and for
that reason they have to conde in two or three weeks befox time.
Hospital Nursing Start:
have one regular nurse and two probationers with a
Civil Service status. We have two irregular nurses. We did
have thre mursos of Civil Service status during part of the
year, but one of there was transferred and the other was sepe
rated from the Service. With the mursing situation, as stated,
it is almost impossible to build up a smooth running routine
becauso just as soon as we got the machine in smooth munning
order one of the irregular nurses is replaced with a regular
murse and this means training another one to fit into the or
ganization. The thing to do is to have all regular positione
filled with regular murses. The murbor of mursos is surri
cient. occasionally we get a patient who complains of the
meals but the complaint is not a real groviance; it is just
that they are taken away from their ordinary food stuffs and
they are receiving a better quality and quantity.
It we had one of the regular places on the mursing start
