ANNUAL REPORT,1929.NARRATIVE SECTION.SCHOOLS.Sec. 3.EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.There are no public schools within reach of the Navajos of thisjurisdiction. One day school is maintained at Pinedale for the Indian children of that locality, with an enrollment of 22 children.It is not possible to operate day schools among the Navajo Indians as there are few places where Indian families live close enoughto patronize day schools. At Pinedale some of the little childrenmust come a distance as much as four miles, and in our opinion theboarding schools should be made THE school for them, with ample equipment. I would suggest that small boarding schools be encouraged inthe Indian country so located as to be a community center for thatsection of country and the children educated as near home as possible.The transfer should be a matter for serious consideration and suchtransfers be made more selective, rather a matter of quality students,than a mass of them. The non- reservation schools have been permittedto enlarge, with enrollments above 800 and even a thousand, and thework of the reservation schools is often disorganized thru wholesale.transfer of children.The material plant of this school has been very much improved inthe past year. A central heating plant has been installed with all ofthe main buildings and cottages placed on this system.short of furniture, chairs and industrial equipment. Refrigerationshould be provided as well as an ice plant. Only two boilers of 100horse power have as yet been provided, which is only hall of our requirements, but consideration is now being given for two additionalones, and when installed and in operation, will be an added feature.Steam cookers have been installed, goat dairy barn constructed and wehave plans for the increase in the poultry flocks for the benefit ofthe children. The goat herd does not furnish enough milk, but is anice addition for the hospital menu and for underweight pupils. Wenow have 15,000 pounds of canned milk on hand for use the coming year.The school has a very fine lot of Duroc hogs and we purchase more mutton than beel for the subsistence of the pupils. The farm has furnished an abundance of cabbage, squash, onions, carrots, parsnips, greenbeans, green corn in season, and beets, which give a very good varietyof food in addition to that furnished on Annual Estimate.The relationship between employees, parents, children and withfellow employees has in the main been very good. Occasionally appointments are made of people who do not try to fit into Indian Servicework. It is entirely impossible to give assistance to all returnedstudents by way of employment, as this isolated desert country offersno opportunity in any industry other than the raising of livestock,and with an unfortunate range condition, the outlook in this respectis uninviting. In my opinion an employment bureau established atAlbuquerque and other suitable places, with a view of providing information as to various classes of work adaptable for the returned student, would be of great benefit.