Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION IV
INDUSTRIES
( Dictated by A. G. Hutton, Agriculture Extension Agent)
The industrial program for the Southern Pueblos consists of
a better utilization of the range which in some cases will result
in reductions in the number of stock. However, our part in this
is towards fewer and better livestock. In other cases the work
will consist in placing livestock with the Indians and then work
ing along improvement lines.
An increased crop production with improvement in quality and
yield, which will necessitate work on seed selection, treatment
of seed and spraying fruit trees, is part of the crop program.
stock
works
Tambouillet
ramed
to
what
we
Livestock work the past year resulted in the placing of 224
ewes and 6 purebred Rambouillet rams with five Indians at Isleta.
While this is a small number compared to what we should have
there, a start has been made and the project should go over good
as other Indians see the possibility of added income.
At San Felipe 240 ewes and 8 well bred Rambouillet rams were
placed with four Indians. This completes our sheep project there
as far as getting individuals started in the work, and we will
confine our efforts towards improvement in quality and the natural
increase from breeding: A sheep dipping vat was built at Felipe
during the year and brought great relief in time and effort used
in dipping and better results than usual.
Eleven Indians at Acoma, who for the most part were returned
students, were given 630 head of improved Navajo ewes and 7 pure
bred Rambouillet rams on the reimbursable plan,
Eight high grade Hereford bulls were purchased from the
Jicarilla reservation, four of which were placed at Jemez and the
other four at Sandia. This is the first livestock improvement
work that has been accomplished at these two pueblos.
Earlier vaccination
for blackleg
at Acoma resultod in a very
small loss of calves compared to other years;
Crop production on the now land at Sia was successful last
year and we find an increased acreage being planted this year,
A marked increase in the acreage planted at Isleta is shown this
year. This land is some that had become unproductive due to
alkali and raising of the water table. However, with drainage
