Hopi 25.
are getting more for their wool. The traders told me that
this year they got better wool than they ever did and had
topay the Indians more for it. We are encouraging these
Indians to see these means of bettering their conditions.
We continually keep in touch with State and other
Government Bureaus, agencies, etc., in our efforts to
better the conditions here. The Irrigation Service, of
which Mr. Robinson is the head, and the Bureau of Animal
Indts try, of which mr. Schneider is the head, have been
of vast help and assistance to us.
There seems to be the greatest harmony among the
different Navajo jurisdictions and this agency takes every
advantage of that condition. The other superintendents
are very eager to assist me and I do not hesitate to
ask them for help when I can use their advice and
co- operation. We have had a number of fine meetings,
which makes for better Indians, I believe.
Through correspondence with the traders on the
reserve I find that the Indians are better off than ever
and that they, the traders, agree with me on what they
need to make them on the high road to independence.
The traders declare that they are getting good prices
for their stock and products and that they need help to
get bulls, rams, stallions and more water.
So far as I can get figures I find that the Indians
probably made fewer blankets the past year than usual on
account of having better crops, better prices for same,
and more wool to sell. Six traders tell me they paid
$ 19, 430.55 for blankets. This is not high and does not
take in all our trading posts, but the most prominent
ones. These same posts spent$ 43,389.66 for wool
parchased from these Indians. This does not take in pelts,
sheep skins and hides, nor furs, etc. From these figures
you can see that these Indians are far from a starving set
and that they are handling considerable money.
The blanket market off the reserve has been bad the
past year, as I have herein indicated. One man who has
handled many thousands of dollars worth of blankets,
Mr. C. N. Cotton, Gallup, N. M., absolutely refused to
take any more blankets sometime ago, even in trade.
His Giroular to traders said he could not get rid of
them and had lost money on them. Thi hit us hard and the
