ar relatively of minor consideration. Their resistance to hardship.
high. In other words, the Navajo OAN say:" I see from a good ogs and
can take as they come most of the vieiasitudes of 11fe whioh prosent
Shamsolve.."
There are also favorable asset in the progent Navajo onartrozent. The
population is so scattered that it is difficult for epidemies in the conor
al population to make much loadway. The elimete, as a whole, is salubrious,
as is attested by the large number of health seekors from all parts of the
country who come to Naw Nozies and Arisons. For the larger part, the Mara jo
lives an open air life, which includes much physical exorcis.. His diot i.
a imple. lle is not harrassed by many of the complexities of modern eivili
sation which in other parts of the population predispose to the dogonorativo
diseases and insanity. The present anvironment, as a whole, is an ideal one, 18
if it could be betterad by en Laproved educational and particularly, ecoRO
10 atatus.
HEALTH LIABILITINS: Compared with other population groups in this country
the per eapita wenlth of the Navajo is small. This
necessitates his living without certain things considered an essential olao
where, is diet is very limited, particularly in the direction of availabla
vegetables and fruits. Although oxagerated cases of malnutrition are not
seon in creet numbers in our hospitals, the low nutritional level at which
most of the people must live probably is# predisposing teetor in the wide
aproad incidence of tuberculosis.
The dwelling in which he lives also reflects his economic status. These
hogans, of atozo, wood, earth and brush, are waually well ventilated, but
badly lighted, badly hantod and not elean. They have earthen floors, cover
od pertly by polts and blankets, and covered everywhere by duat, often-
pregnated by sputum in various stages of drying. Abaence of beds and chairs
sampel oecuperts to live close to the floor dust lovel and elose to eneh
other. Veually there is but one room for many occupante. cleanliness is
difficult to observe- Soap, water and towels are sanzee. There are but
tow cooking and selder. Individual eating and drinking utensils. Altogether,
these circumstanesc often pradiapose to the spread of communieable disenana
like tubererlosis and trachoma,
The econenie status of the Navajo has a direet bearing upon his bealth,
" The Land Kanagement Division of Nava je Sezvice, after conducting an extonsive
survey, has found that the annual income per family of five from all agri
cultural resources is 317, and that the per capita lacate per annum t'rom
all souveen is 86. Inaofar as health is a purchaseable commodity, the
resourees of the Nevajo do not permit him to spend much money in this ai
roeties, and much of what he does spend 18 wasted from the modem seientifie
Viewpoint because it is spent in wrong diroetions.
Years ago when the Publlo lealth movement was first taking widespread
voot in this country the peretary of the State Board of Health of New Yoxk,
Bp. Kermann N. Bices, said," Health is purchasable." But in order to pur
chase koalth people u kave money. The group he had in mind in New York
state had a much grests per capita wealth whieh enabled them to obarve
9
