| During the past school year, sufficient hay was raised on theschool farm to feed all the stock the entire year. I believe itis the first time in the history of the school that no hay waspurchased in the open market. Sufficient wheat was raised tofeed a flock of 300 chickens which during the entire fall andwinter produced on an average 10 dozen eggs per day. The crop ofpotatoes did not turn out as well as was expected, but about 40tons were raised which lasted nearly the entire school year.Eleven young men and four young women graduated from theeighth grade this year. Four of these expect to enter high schoolthis fail; three expect to take courses in automobile schools,and the others expect to work at trades and in private families.Four of the graduates were young men who had served in the UnitedStates Army end when they were discharged they preferred to finishtheir course at this school.Miss Lillie R. Corwin, missionary, lives adjacent to the schoolgrounds, Her work among the pupils and her influence on them isexcellent. Her reading rooms are open for the pupils practicallyat all times.The standard of morality among the older Indians is not highand for this reason it is not desirable to have the older- girls gohone during the vacation months. An outing system has been inaugurated, and about sixty of the larger girls are working in private families on the Pacific Coast and about ten for families inand near Carson City.The re is a great demand for Indian labor on the ranches inNevada for which men a re paid from$ 3. 50 to$ 5. 00 per day, withboard, in the summer time and about$ 3. 00 per day, with board, atother seasons of the year. Many of the returned students take upranch work, some work their own farms where they are fortunateenough to have them, and some of the returned students work attrades they have learned at school. The young women are encouragedto work in private families.The school rooms are will equipped and the teachers are faithfully carrying out the course of study. The graduates from theeighth grade have no difficulty when entering the Carson City highschool to Loep up with their classes.The girls' receive the regular industrial instruction prescribed in the course of study. Special stress is laid on fittingthe girls to go out into private families to work. The boys receive training in farming, gardening, dairying, carpentry, blacksmithing, engineering, pai nting, and shoe and harness nepairing.The vocational boys have chosen carpentry and engineering.2