Littla Water School,
-3
only company she could hope to have would be blanket Indians, she
has by her kindness, and good example induced them to allow their
children to attend her school; that she has been eminently success
ful cannot be disputed. In view of the fact, I would recommend that
Mrs. Devore be appointed superintendent of this school, and that she
be sent a corps of good able assistants, people who are known not to
be fault finding, and have no desire to quarrel.
Teacher.
Mrs. Kate V.Kinney; Kansas; age 41; female; salary$ 600.00 per
per year; teacher taking all her time; character; education; person
al habits good; qualifications fair. She is a good teacher in the
school- room. Mrs. Kinney has a husband and two children, her children
are with her, her husband is employed at the Pima school, she is very
anxious to be transferred to some school where she can be with her
husband. She is inclined to meddle with other peoples affairs which
usually makes trouble, perhaps if she were with her husband she would
devote more time to her own duties, and not have so much time to look
after the welfare of others. She should be transferred from this
school, she is a disturbing element here, her days of usefulness at
this place are over.
Housekeeper.
Mrs. James Haskell; Iowa; age 27; female; salary$ 540.00 per
year; she is housekeeper taking all her time; character; education;
personal habits all good; qualifications fair; she claims to be sick
to much of the time; a strong woman should be sent here.
Indian assistant.
Frank Smith; Navajo reservation; age 19; male; Indian; salary
$ 120.00 per year; he assists Mrs. Devore, usually in the kitchen
taking all his time; character; education; personal habits; quali
fications good.
Good progress is being made by the pupils of both sexes in
school- room exercises; there are no industrial pursuits taught boys
taught
except to assist in the general work about the school, the girls are
to do general house work, the large girls to cut, make, and repair
