Schools-- Page 3.supported by the state should be given. Purely academicsubjects have been given larger stress than is advisable. Tohold before the pupil college education when it is certain that.this same pupil, on account of either lack of mental abilityor lack of financial backing, is unable to continue hisschooling after leaving our Indian School is manifestly injuringthe welfare of this child. It is suggested that this school bemade more and more an industrial school so that it may fill itsneed for the Indian of the state of Michigan. To carry thisidea into effect more instructors, more equipment, and morebuildings will be needed.Two questions have been asked which are to be answered inthe narrative sections. One of them is regarding accomplishments,during the past year, and the other regarding the interminglingof races. It has been our aim to foster a friendly feelingbetween our pupils and the pupils of the local public schools.We feel that the ultimate aim of our work should be to the endthat the Indian boy and girl take his place side by side withthe White child. With this idea in mind we have, throughvarious means, brought the two groups into closer contact, thusbringing about closer relationships between the public schoolsand our own. Our organizations such as the boy scouts, whichwere started last year, have materially assisted in this matter.Also athletic competition with other schools in the state haveaided us in this aim. The racial prejudice, locally, has notexisted very strongly although it did exist to a certain extent.e White China boy and girl" taf our work shoulaubThe total expenditures for the last fiscal year were aboutthe same as for the previous year with the exception of twoitems, namely coal and flour. While the appropriation for thislast fiscal year was higher the amount expended for other itemswas about the same as previously, due to the fact that thesurplus was used up in the extra cost of the coal and flour.Our coal, including transportation, was paid out of the supportfund, making our coal cost this particular fund four to fivetimes as much as in previous years. More was spent for thepupils table, and a varied diet was given the dhildren whichresulted in more contented and healthier children.Our play grounds are used to the fullest extent. Moreplay ground equipment is needed however, and should be purchasedwhen funds become available. Free play is granted to thechildren as much as possible. It is believed that on accountof the fullness of the program that this is advisable. Ourgymnasium is used as much as possible for the girls. A greatdeal of the time during the winter months the weather is suchthat the children cannot play outside, and indoor activitiesmust take the place of outdoor play. Tor this reason our gymnasium is used as much as possible.The question as to how long it will be necessary to continue the Government school at Mt. Pleasant is a debatable one.