2TATE STIMU
SCA ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT
WOO 30.
1928
Jicarilla Indian Agency
Section 2
Health
The general health conditions at the school and Agency were much
better this year than in 1927.
We did not have any epidemics of infectious or contagious diseases
this year, except mild attacks of Influenza.
The general sanitary conditions of the reservation, especially in
and around the Indian homes, are gradually improving.
The homes of some of the better educated Indians are neat and clean
while the homes of some of the older Indians, leave much to be
desired. The Field Nurse has been instructed to make regular sani
tary inspection and impress on the Indians the necessity of cleanli
ness both as to person and home.
We need an operating room at the hospital.
Trachoma and tuberculosis among the adult Indians are admitted to
the Agency hospital. Two of the Trachoma cases at the Hospital are
Utes. The third case is a Pueblo. Children ineligible for enroll
ment in schools are admitted to the Agency Hospital.
It would not be practicable to establish temporary tent hospitals
as we have ample accommodation at the hospital to care for adults
and children.
The only influence which operates to prevent the hospital's maximum
usefulness, is the old Indians failure, in many instances, to avail
themselves of its benefit. The younger ones avail themselves of
the hospital, but the older Indians have to feel awfully sick before
they agree to come in.
No cases of veneral disease. Indians with veneral disease would be
isolated and treated. Known infected outside parties would be ex
pelled from the reservation.
The most notable improvement in the health situation is at the San
atorium, where the sick children are being cared for during the whole
year. Heretofore they would be dismissed during the summer, and re
turn in poor shape in the fall,
During the year, several of the Apaches had their tonsils remov ed.
Deaths 1928 census, 22. Births 1928 census, 32. An increase of
ten for the year 1928 against deaths 1927, 36 and births 1927, 25.
A loss of eleven for the year 1927. Census Roll of June 30, 1928,
636.
