!
O
Commissioner- 11.
naturally creates antagonism toward him on the part of the
various claimants, whether or not their claims are valid.
Considerable land, however, can be aoquired for these
Indians by the installation of new irrigation projects
varying in size from one costing a few hundred dollars to
one costing in the vicinity of one Hundred thousand dollars.
Additional lands can be brought under oultivation on every
Pueblo under the jurisdiotion by the expenditure of money;
an expenditure which can be repaid by the proceeds: derived
by the new lands subjugated. The irrigable land here is quite
rich, and where water can be procured, any crops suitable
for this climate can be raised in abundance, il properly
seeded,' tended and harvested. This is also a good fruit
country. Cherries, peaches, pears and apples of good quality
grow in abundancé, so do also, berries such as raspberries
and strawberries.
I do not think that any new cereals, trees, fruit or
other crops have been introduced during the past year, neither
do I think that such will be introduced at any time in the
near future.
Crops seem to be partioularly free from diseases, but
we do have pests such as grasshoppers and ground squirrels.
These, however, are being taken care of by the County Agents
of the several counties, and by ourselves on the pueblo grants.
Practically all of the products raised by the Indians
are used by them. Market conditions are not very good but there
is not very muoh need for better market conditions until the
Indians can raise more produots. I believe this matter would
adjust itself, as we have railroad transportation easily
available to all the Pueblos under the jurisdiction.
The Indians save most of their seed from one year to
another, though, during the past year, we have obtained for
them; wheat, oats, barley and alfalfa under the reimbursable
plan. No green house or nursery is maintained.
We have had during the past year only one farmer under
the jurisdiction and he is doing what he can to direct the
efforts of the Indians toward properly farming their agri
cultural areas. Two farmers have been allowed for the present
year and we hope to inorease our efforts along these lines.
The Indians are all self supporting and practically all
of them farn more or less. Their equipment is not entirely what
it should be, but it is quite ample, and we are gradually pro
viding more through the reimbursable plan. The Indians, while
not making the best use of such implements and live stook as they
have are doing remarkably well, and are very favorably dis
