Section I----law and Order( Cont'a)( D) within the past year a case at San Juanoccurred where a widower and a man with afamily, appropriated another man's wifewithout any divorce proceedings. Inasmuchas there is no Tederal law that wouldpunish this man, and he is exempt fromprosecution under the State law, the matterwas never brought into any dourt.7. Inasmuch as the State laws do not apply to the Indiang on marital matters, and there is no Federal legislation on same, something should be done to cover thecase above mentioned, of one Indian stealing another man'swife.8. No Indian courts are held at this agency.An entirepueblo council met in my office yesterday regarding amatter of bastardy: the witnesses were present. A briefstatement of the case was submitted to me, the Indianswere advised as to the law, or rather the absence of thelaw, and an amicable agreement reached by all parties,sane being set forth in a contract or written agreementand a copy given to the parties interested, and sane wasapproved by myself as muperintendent.9. The matter of religious welfare among the Indians iscared for by local and resident priests, as these peopleare all Catholics, and no attempt is made to interfere insame.10. The majority of the pueblos are temperate: a few ofthem are far from it. Special officers are active intrying to curb the traffic in liquor, but it still goesMost of the cases that are brought before theFederal court are thrown out on technicalitiesof onekind or another.11. As stated under the preceding member, liquor issometimes discovered on the reservations; in fact, atillshave been found there. Major Phelps, Special orficer ofthe U.$., in my company, unearthed one still and twoplaces where madb was found cooking. This was taken intothe Federal court with one conviction resulting.12. The ortice should understand that our reservationsare small; that within three miles they can be of theroservation. When liquor is introduced it is usuallyintroduced from the outside.13. Little or no cooperationis extended by the Stateauthorities. All our efforts have been under Tederalsupervisionand by Tederalofficers.