- 11-for the pauperizing of the Navajos. For the hospital to do something to replace his influence rather than to play into his hands willstrike at the fundamenta evil, socially, morally, and economically,among the Nava jos today.The crude map we are enclosing will show somethingof the directions, distances, and sizes of populations to be reached byfield nurses and medical officors. All of those centers at presenthave trading posts, the owers of which in many casos are the onlywhite people in the locality for months at a time.We propose that there be built at the agency ahospital, a seventy- five bed general and a one hundred bed sanitariumconstructed together with the same heating plant and kitchen facilitiesfor both. The equipment should be modern, including X- ray, surgery,obstetric department, and orthopedic ward.The personnel need not be greatly increased. Theadministration and nursing administration could be cared for by thesame personnel. The regular medical officers would be two. The doctorwho is located at Toadlena could be brought into the agency as fieldofficer. He should spend all his time in the field making regulartrips to these isolated communities, to the larger ones twice a weekand the others once a week. These centers should be supplied withfield nurses who could direct his activities in such a manner that hecould contact himself with all the sick, bringing cases needing observation and hospital care back to the agency. With the addition oftwo more field nurses, a few more staff nurses and attendants we feelthat we could economically take care of many of the medical problems ofthis jurisdiction.We do not believe that it is a case of sellingmedicine and modern methods to the Navajo, but to have the personneland facilities to take care of his already self felt needs."F. Education.The school facilities on this reservation are inadequatefor the number of children of school age. There are about twenty- fivehundred children between the ages of six and eighteen. There are tenhundred twenty- five of this number in all schools. of the remainingfifteen hundred there are undoubtedly one thousand who are eligible toenter school.A day school will be completed before the end of thepresent fiscal year at Sanos tee. This will accommodate thirty pupils.In our advance estimate for 1933 there is an item for the constructionof a boarding school at Teec- nos- pas, which if built will accommodatetwo hundred more pupils. Probably appropriations will not be made toenable us to do other building necessary to take care of the balancenot in school; but as soon as Congress can be induced to appropriatethe money, the school at Shiprock should be increased to accommodatefour hundred fifty pupils and the one at Toadlena three hundred fifty.Just as soon as our capacity has been increased to meet our requirements