} 6 54
39961
forage. The Indians are possessed of herds of sheep and goats, which
mingle together in the same flock. They are of a hearty variety, ac
climated to the conditions nature presents to them, and I doubt
whether the better varieties of sheep would subsist and thrive on
such a range as the Navajoe reservat ion. The Indians find their
present lands inadequate to support their flocks, and many of them
are now without the reservation boundaries on the public lands of
the territory. This, as it almost will in similar cases, is causing
dissatisfaction among the white cattle and sheep men, who are taxed
to raise revenue to support the territorial organization. They are
making all kinds of threats, and, possibly, in the end will insist
upon driving the Ind fans within the reservation boundaries. I learn
that one of the inspectors was here with a view of ascerta ining the
possibility of adding to this reservation. I do not know what his
report has been, but I presume that he advised its extension as far
to the westward as the Little Colorado river; at any rate, I heartily
advise that the matter be presented to congress and an appropriation
made to buy out the settlers on this tract and that it be added to
the present territory of the Navajoe Agency. I learn that this res
ervation is credited with having from sixteen to twenty thousand In
dians. This seems to me to be incredible, and I advise that the De
partment take' such steps as may be necessary to take a census of
these people.. It can be done, I think, by districting the reser
vation and detailing some one of the empíoyes to each district, but
it can only be done during the harvest seas on when they hold their
annual feasts, or during the time of severe storms in the winter,
when the Indians are gathered in the low- lands, having abandoned the
hills where they usually scatter to herd their stock. If it is found
to be true that there are so many Indians on this reservation, while
it is possible for them to exist in their present mode of living, as
they advance in civilization it wild be found that the Navajoe
reservation, even if enlarged as suggested, will not be sufficient to
ma inta in so many persons, even in a semi- civilized way. Now they
live in little huts, eating many things which later on will repel
them, and dressing in a manner which will be impossible if the rising
generation is educated as we hope to do. Those who come after us
will have this question to meet, but it is well not to lose sight of
it even at present.
SHEEP RAISING.
The raising of sheep and goats, and the manufacture by the wo
men of the product into blankets and rugs, is the principal occupa
tion of these people. It is fortunate that they were started in
this direction, because the rapid increase of the sheep furnishes
them with the greater portion of their food. I believe, however,
that the time has arrived when they should be lifted out of their
primitive method of handling the product of their flocks. In the
early settlement of the United States our fathers and mothers clad
themselves in homes pun, and there is no reason why these Ind ians
should not be taught to spin and weave. My attention was called to
one instance where a gentleman had employed an Indian woman to weave
a blanket for him, he furnishing the material Saxony yarn and she
to do the work for$ 15.00. This employment will occupy her for, at
least, five months. She will, therefore, only earn about$ 3.00 per
month, and that is fully as much as any of them earn in weaving the
blankets which are so common all through this country. A small
3)
