ervation.
With this elimination, our range should become greatly improved,
1. One Non Dipping Vat Completed.
Horo tot oro all shoop have been dipped at one vat, About forty thousand
head of sheep and goats have been dipped annually at this vat. The range
in immediate vicinity of this Tat has been groatly over- grazod, and as a
moasure of range- improvement it became absolutely necessary to build a new
vat. This vat was built on savings mado during the yoar.
G. Nos Foncing.
Tvolvo miles of now fonce was constructed on reservation boundary. This is
quite a help in control of trespass livestock,
H. Tying of no.cos and Dooldng Weather Lamb..
Wool fleoces had never been tiod at this jurisdiction, nor had weather lambs
been docked. This project was started for the first time this year in a amall
way.
The total number of owes and lambs, Indian- owed, on the reservation, number
35, 259 head, as of July 1, 1931; The total number of rams, 436; The total goats
and kids, 4, 880; making a total of 40, 882 head of abeop and goats individually owned.
Iribally- owned, ye have 4741 wos and lambs, and 335 rams: Making a grand total of
45,958 head. There are 139 families reprosented as sheop owners, and according to
our census roll, there are 150 families on the reservation, making an average of about
290 head per family. Percentage of families owing sheep, 92 2/3. Eight families
on the reservation have cattle, averaging approximately 100 head per family.
SECTION II.
HEALTH:
A. Sanatorium.
Sanatorium building has been remodled and the majority of children placed
on first floor of building, to eliminate some of the fire hazards that exist
in this wooden struo ture. By placing them on the first floor, adequate
toilot facilities have been provided. The oighty odd children which are
confined in this institution are a happy lot and are rapidly growing into
healthy boys and girls, This is an institution that we are very proud of
and feel that it is one of the most constructive projects being carried on
in the Indian service,
There are 82 tuberculus children in the Jicarilla Sanatorium. When they
were admitted they were all under- nourished and underweight. They are now
well nourished and they have made a very satisfactory improvement from a health
and educational standpoint,
The prosent Sanatorium was built for a boarding school, and we need badly
a new 100- bed Sanatorium to take care of our present requirements,
B. Hospital,
This institution runs to capacity most of the year and is doing a very com
mendable
work, A third nurse has been provided for this institution for the
fiscal year 1932. The prejudices against the hospital among the Indians
is being gradually overcome, and each year finds more Indians seelding admis
sion,
0. Field Nurse,
The field work is encouraging, and we can see a gradual improvement in the
homes, as more of the school children reach adult life and maintain homes,
and insist on cleanliness and sanitation. At present, we do not have a field
