SECTION LL. Agricultube
and Forestry.
A. Agricultural Developement
.
As stated before in this report the topography and climate of this roler
ration are notoondusive
to agriculture, ozcept in a very for spots, and those
isolated places require moro vater than is now available to then. Some of the
Indians try to saiso gardens and hay crops, either alfalfa or vild hay, and a
for attempt to raise a feu oats for horso feed. There are three amall irriga
tion systems, Dulce Lake, La Jara, and John Mills. The first two aro govern
mont uod projects, affecting approximately 1000 acres in all, and the John
Mills system is usod by a fou Indians directly on the outlet of this artificial
lake. Allotments were made in 1908, but very few of them are used oxclusively
by the allottee during the entire year. There is no need for additional allot
ments.
B. Forestry Activities.
1. Agency Sawmill. The 1932 cut was approx mately 300 M.B.F. Western Yol
low Pino for use by local Indians in repairing and building homes, and by the
Agency for all rough lumber used in construétion and repair purposes. The entire
eut was made during one period of the year, when 10 to 12 Indians were employed.
2. Fire Protection. In the past year there were sir fires, burning over
approximately 55 acres and sausing$ 217.00 worth of damage to reproduction and
forage. The cost of suppression was$ 175.42. All fires vore reported from oithor
Wolls or Wirt Lookouts. We received excellent cooperation
from everyone,
3. Telephone Work. The reservation telephone systom, from the Pumphouse on
the Navajo River north of the Agoney to the Largo Ranger Station on the south hall,
including branch lines to La Jarı Farm Station and to John Mill. place, was ean
plotely rebuilt. Native eighteen foot rodar polos were used, with brackets and
glass insulators, new No. BB Crapo process wire, guyed corners, lightning arres
tors every firth pole. With proper care and upkeep this line should last for many
years. About 72 miles of line was built, at an average cost of$ 160.00 per mile.
All labor except surveying and actual line hanging was done by local Indians.
4. Road Work. Approximately$ 14,000 was spent on roads and bridges this year.
Bridges and culverts wore repaired, Alla made, and some new construction done.
Most of the money was spent for Indian labor. The road grading outfit consists of
a Clotrac" 30" tractor and an Adams No. 7 Leaning Wheel Grader,
5. Rodent Control. None of this kind of work was done on account of lack of
funds.
6. Grazing Administration. Approximately 10,000 sheep and 1,100 cattle were
under permit on the reservation this year, with an income of approximately$ 3,000
for both tri bal and allotted lands. Sheep pe mits were for winter range, and the
cattle for the entire year.
7. Timber sales. The only sale not in progress is the Pound Bros. operation
on the balance of the Pagosa Lumber Co. contract. Average annual cut is approx
