1
o
later required to make a report to the agenay with deposit of fines
so 00lb oted. When there are cases of more than ordinary importance
the judge usually consults the super intendent and is informed as to the
penal ties provided under the Stato law for similar offenses outside the
reservation. It is noldom necessary to review cases handled by the
Indian judges although there is a strong opposition in many of the
pueblos against the Indian courts. It is felt by the Pueblos that these
Judges have in a measure superseded the governor and have taken away
considerable of the authority fomerly held by these officials.
In some instances the judges have enfringed somewhat upon the duties of
the governor and it is a rather difficult problem to define al early
the extent of the jurisdiction each should have.
The roligeous welfare of the Pueblo Indians is largely in charge
of the Catholic Church which has maintained missions for hundreds of
years at many of the pueblos. Protestant missions are maintained at
the Laguna and Jemez Pueblos. However, comparatively tew of the pueblo
Indians are adherents of the Protestant Churches.
Liquor traffic is infrequent among the Pueblo Indians. Occasionally
there is an introduction by Mexicans or other outsiders and infrequently
liquor is brought into the villages by Indians themselves from the out
side. This is not a serious problem, however, in the pueblo country and
the Indians themselves are generally opposed to the use of intoxicants.
State authorities cooperate in liquor casos whenever same come within
their jurisdiction.
Several of the employees of the agency, including a few Indian
policeman, are provided with commissions as deputy special officers and
all render fairly good service. No commissions other than those already
provided and asked for are needed at this jurisdiction,
The Pueblo Indians make no intoxicant beverages with the exception
of wine which I understand is occasionally made by these people in
copying after the Mexicans, from their own fruit.
So far as I have observed peyote is not used by the Indians or
white people of this vicinity. Neither is the re any trable experienced
as a result of Indians purchasing extracts and proprietary medicines for
beverage purposes.
It is believed that no additional legislation is necessary in
handling these matters,
