Circular No. 2316
Northn Navajo Agency
1927
School, 3, 200 pounds of dried sweet corn were stored for winter use,
Three thousand half gallons of tomatoes were canned, hay in sufficient
quantities for all needs was put up. Over sixte en thousand gallons of
milk were produced and consumed,
As has been said before, the employees have as a rule been
efficient and loyal, and there has been no evidence of lack of
cooperation among them. Accommodations for employees are reason
ably satisfactory.
. I have yet to learn of a school that has adapted itselí fully to
the needs of the Navajo Indians. On the reservation, existence may be
maintained only through the sheep industry and blanket weaving, and I
have yet to learn of a school that makes of the Navajo boy a better
sheep man, or that teaches the girls improved methods of carding, spin
ning, dyeing, or weaving. The education received in the schools meets
fairly well the requirements of those who fail to return to the reser
vation, but a very considerable proportion do return to the reserva
tion to spend their lives and they are little better equipped for en
gaging in the sheep business as a result of their years in school. They
have learned little if anything about the different types of
sheep, selective breeding, sheep diseases, care of sheep; they
have learned very little if anything of improved methods of shear
ing, carding, spinning, dyeing, weaving. They return to their
homes and must acquire this knowledge after their return, learning
to do these tasks with the same tools and in precisely the same
manner as their remote forebears. The girl that never went to
school but remained on the reservation has by the time she reach
es the age of eighteen acquired a herd of sheep and goats together
with a knowledge of how to take care of them, and she is expert in
the art of making Navajo blankets, in fact, she knows how to meet
life as it must be met, if she continues to exist on the reservation.
The girl graduate from the non- reservation school is a misfit in
reservation life, the only life open to her. If the school is to
a dapt itself to the needs of the Navajo Indian, it must teach
sheep and sheep husbandry, rugs and the art of rug weaving. Too, it
would be desirable that the boys be given practical courses in car
pentry, bricklaying, plastering, stone cutting and stone laying, black
smithing, steamfitting, painting, plumbing, etc.
The sheep of this jurisdiction begin to show the results of
the Rambouillet rams that have been placed with them. In 1926,
the wool crop was twenty- five per cent greater than in any preceding
year, averaging well over five pounds per head, and this season
the crop is well above that of last year. The number of sheep
sheared from year to year does not increase, range conditions prevent,
but the wool crop does increase as does also the number of lambs
produced as well as the average weight of the individual lamb.
- 14
