STATTI
FOIASTMISHT 30: TSMTFA930
3.
Jicarilla Indian Agency
Section 4
Industries
to further the development of water which will not only afford new
range for their flocks, but will enable the range which they have
been using to rest up thus eliminating the danger of over- grazing.
The improvements generally found on the Indian allottment are the
house, corral, barn and root cellar. Houses generally are being
improved by additional windows, better roofs, more room and where
previously a dirt floor was found in the house, they now have board
floors which can be kept in a more sanitary condition.
Very little of the allotted portion of the reservation is under
lease. The Indians use practically the entire area for grazing
and farming purposes. Only nine allottments were leased during the
past year and these were so located that the Indians were not able
at this time to use them themselves. It would be a decided mistake
on this reservation to lease their allotted land since practically
all of it is grazed over by their sheep and cattle.
Last year, 32 families on this reservation had 200 and more sheep
and goats. During the year 1928 this number increased to 39 fami
lies who now have more than 200 head. The lamb crop during this
spring averaged more than 15%. There were no excessive losses
during the year except in two Indian flooks. One of these flocks
while grazing on their range encountered poison weed and a number
of the animals died before they could be moved to another location.
Soab was found in three flocks of sheep during February and after
dipping, one flock was placed on range which apparently was infest
ed with this poison weed and their losses amounted to about 15%.
Poison weed is usually encountered during the late fall and early
spring when there is but little green feed for the sheep. Apparent
ly this poison weed known as" Pinguey" stays green late in the
fall and grows earlier in the spring than other plants which causes
the sheep to eat it during these seasons of the year.
One of the greatest detriments of the stock industry on this res
ervation is the presence of numerous wild ponies which are absolute
ly worthless and eat up the grass which could be utilized to ad
vantage by the Indian sheep and cattle. A few of these belong to
outside parties but most of them belong to the Jicarilla Apache.
We have arranged to gather and sell these ponies and the purchaser
is now on the ground. Approxi na tely 200 of these worthless ponies
have been rounded up and are already sold to this party at$ 2.00
per head. This activity will be continued until practically every
one of the ponies are gathered and disposed of.
A flock of 900 high grade ewes are maintained as a tribal herd
from which we produce rams for sale to Indians for the up- building
