m
Krystyn Valencia
Brandon Castillo
CONGRATS to the Class of 2K7! We did it! I would like to First of all I' d like to thank my family and friends, for their
thank the people that helped me get this far. My family for all support. And I would like to thank all my teachers and
the support, my mom especially, the staff for the helpful advice. especially Mr. Reed for those field trips during my sophomore
James Aragon
and junior years. Thanks SFIS for having me here, peace!
Wat it do Baby! Yess! Sweet! Finally made it! Well, first of all. Keep it rezzel!!
thanks mom and pops for pushing me when I needed it. Also Ellison Yazzie
thanks to all my brothers and sisters( both family and
First on all I would like to thank my parents for encouraging
nonfamily) Also those who deserve a special thanks are all you me to stay in school. I would like to thank all my friends for
HATERS! I couldn' t have made it with out you! Thanks! Love all the good times. We finally made it; all those nights staying
y' all! And dis is where the cowboy rides away!
up late doing homework paid off. Bye- Bye, 2007!!
Darryl Montoya
Dennis Dorame
First of all I would like to give a big thanks to my mom and
I would like to thank my family& myself for finishing high
grandparents. I love you guys. Also to all the people who
school!! And for the class of 07 all I' m going to say to ya ’ ll is
helped me out in the past. To all my Homeboys, Homegirls,
stay up& never give up in life! Stay in touch all the time.
and friends you all know who you are, stay true, stay cool
Because everybody knows 07 is and always will be the stuff.
and good luck to what you do after high school. To my lil
We Finish What We Start!! I' m out peace out to the true
cousins; keep your heads up and good luck. SENIORS 07!
homies from “ TSQ ” and to all people I talk to and chill with.
We did it! We Out!
Alyssa Trancosa
Blaine Martinez
Class of 2007! We did it! I would like to end my senior year
First of all wanna thank my mom for putting up with me and by thanking all the people who have made my high school
my trouble. Second you know I gotta thank the crew for having years fun and successful. Thanks to my mom, sis, brother,
my back when stuff went down. To Miss Zoltan, Bernie, Keshaun, Britt, Gwen, Christine, Ty, Kry, Lois, Verna, Esther,
Willow, Say and my homegurl Crystal, what else can I say but Staff at SFIS, and whoever else I did not mention. Love you
good times. Lastly, I wanna thank the staff that helped me
make it to graduation, I' m out, peace!
Josh Benevidez
I have started at the bottom and rose to the top, but I was
Shalana Gachupin
supported and helped by my family and the teachers of SFIS.
Well first of all I would like to thank my mom and the rest of
So I would like to thank my family and my teachers for their
my family for supporting me all my years. To my best roomie
dedication they made to my success. I would also like to
ever Ashley, thanks for pushing me to do my work. I' ll never
thank my friends for the laughs and good that they shared
forget all our memories we' ve had. To the craziest of the
with me 2007!! I' m out
crazies Ash, Alicia, and ugh Marv, jk well thanks for all the
laughs.... and last but not least to the WALATOWA CREW.
Matthew Routzen
Thanks for the laughs as well, you' re what made this year
Before I thank anyone, I' d like to thank me( Pat myself on
memorable. And to the class of 2007, We did it!
the back) Also my idol and inspiration, Phil, my brother and
Carlos. My dawgs Weezy, Blaine, Boom- Boom, IOU.
Thanks 4 teaching me how to spoon Blaine. Still gotta try
Kelly Fransisco
that. To the ladies in my life Momma and my beautiful
I' d like to thank my family for the support they' ve given me. I
girlfriend Natasha! I love you!
love you mom, dad, grandma and grandpa!! To my friends here
at the Indian school, thanks for accepting me as one of your
Juana Charlie
own.
Finally mom and dada I can call myself a graduate. Thanks
for your encouragement, advice, and inspiration. To the rest of
Chas Harvier
my family thanks. My high five girls Tasha, Jenn, Ash, and
Thanks to all my friends, my parents, and my girlfriends
Valeet. Thanks for the memoirs. Love you girlies! Julie and
inspiring me to finish high school! To my friends, thanks for the Valeet thanks for you two being there by my side. Love you
laughs and the good times! I' m finally out of here!
two. To all my other friends thanks for the laughs. To the
class of 2007. We did it! Best wishes! I' m out
all!!
108
