- 6-The condition within the Navajo family is fairly satisfactory. The mother is usually considered the head of the family andshe has control of the property, Infant mortality among the Nava josis reasonably low compared with some of the other tribes. Many motherswho are not able to nurse their babies use goat's milk, on which thechild seems to thrive, The number of babies born in the general hospital during the past year indicates a long step in progress in thistribe.One of the most serious conditions connected with thefamily and perhaps the hardest to cope with is their attitude towardthe institution of marriage. Many consider marriage either by law ortribal custom as entirely unnecessary. Much stress has been placodon the necessity for legal marriage in conferences with the Indians.The missionaries have cooperated in this direction. Over thirtylegal marriages have been effected during the past year,The law and order problems on the reservation are notordinarily difficult. Most are of a petty nature and are readilyhandled by the Indian Court comprising two judges, the chief ofpolice and the superintendent. The officers of the chapter organizations have been of material assistance in promoting 18 and order onthe reservation. They have been instrumental in settling many, quarrelsand minor differences without submitting them to the Indian Court.Fifteen chapters have been organized on the reservation up to thepresent time,III. Agricultural Development.A. Agricultural Development.The Navajo during the past year has shown a much greaterinterest in farming. Many have reclaimed good- sized gardens and farmson which they have been able to raise enough to add greatly to theirstore of food supplies. Their desire to secure this land was shown bytheir willingness to donate a large amount of labor for making canals,constructing headgates, etc.Production of vegetables was more than double the amountproduced the preceding year,Several small new irrigation projects were located andconsiderable work was done on them during the past year. The NavajoIndian, while not a natural farmer, adapts himself well to agriculture and with encouragement and help will develop into an averagefarmer.Owing to the present depression the number of Navajos employed off the reservation for farm labor has been limited during the pastyear. However, many have been employed in the surrounding farmingdistricts as the white farmers have come to value their services. Ordinarily there is a good demand for Navajos as farm laborers and moneythus earned adds considerably to the income of these people.