Seon IIINarrative SectionReport, 1932,ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT.The Mount Pleasant, Michigan, jurisdiction is, primarilly, oneof school activities. There, however, is some agency work to do inconnection with the old Isabella Reservation, of which there are stillforty tracts, from five to forty acres each, held in trust for theoriginal allottees, or hetrs of the original allottees.The Indians of the Isabella Reservation are the Saginaw, SwanCreek, and Black River bands of Chippewas. These people at one timewere settled around Saginaw Bay in Michigan, but in the year 1864, ina treaty with the United States, they relinquished all their rights inthat section of Michigan and were given five townships as a reservationin Isabella County. This was then given the name of Isabella Reservation.The allotments were mostly made during the period from 1870 to 1880,The land lies level and varies from li ht sand to heavy clay, on the whole loibeing quite good farming land. The land, originally, was covered withheavy timber.The Mount Pleasant Boarding School received its first appropriationfrom the Congress of the United States in 1892. Buildings were startedin that year and school opened in the city of Mount Pleasant in the secondstory of a store building where it continued until March, 1893, when itwas moved to the newly completed main building on the grounds where theschool plant is now located. School opened with thirteen pupils andseven employees. At the time of moving into the new building one hundredand twenty- five pupils were enrolled. T' he present capacity of the schoolis three hundred and seventy- five, wi th forty- eight employees. Thepupils are practically all Michigan children. The tribes represented inMichigan are the Chippewas, Ottawas, and Pottawatomies. The numbers inthe school are in the order given, The boys and girls are about equallydivided in number.The health of the pupils during the past year was very good. Therewas a slight epidemic of influenza during the winter. but this was notserious. Special Physician Culp was here during the past year and removedtonsils and examined eyes, etc. Traveling Dentist Kagey was also hereand took care of the dental work at the school.During the past year the boys were given vocational training byan Instructor of Shop Subjects. The new Home Economics building wasused during the past year which made a much better arrangement thanheretofore for this department. We have two teachers of Home Economics,one teaches the domestic art or sewing classes, the other teaches cookingclasses, etc.The sixth grade was placed in school all day which left only theseventh, eighth and ninth grades on the three- quarter day plan. In thisway only the older pupils were given the vocational training to anextensive degree.