ValerieCalabazaMy fellow classmates, WE DID IT! You all made my yearsat SFIS memorable. High school is just the beginning ofa roller coaster ride. I would like to give a special thanksto my mom, Sonny, and little sister, Kateri, for alwayssupporting and encouraging me in every situation. To theunder classmen, Alyssa, Gracie, Mariah, Kylea, Shanya, andBAAM, I will miss you girlies! Keep working hard! Class of2015, I will miss you all! Good luck in the real world! Yourstruly,Valerie CalabazaAllisonChavarilloinóMy fellow seniors, we FINALLY did it!! It is that time when we lookinto another chapter in life. I definitely will not forget the tonsof memories I have made here along with some of the greatestpeople I befriended. To my family, I thank you for all your supportever since I was little. To my mom, thank you for everything. Youwere there through it all, you are my rock and I appreciate everything you do. I will continue to do my best and make you andmy dad proud. I love you all! To RanDee, Cody, Demi, Morgs, andMilan, I will definitely miss you guys! Tear it up on that court. ToAlejandro, you made these past two years of high school the best.Thank you for all your support and the memories we got to sharewith each other. I Love you! To the graduating class of 2015, goodluck to you all. You will all do great things. It is time to go outthere and chase our dreams!Allison Chavarillo--- IUAfter six years at SFIS, I can finally say I did it! I would like tothank my friends for making all these years memorable. Aspecial thank you to my family, mother, and grandma especially, for being there every step of the way, encouraging andsupporting me through my obstacles. To my best friend Alicea, I could not thank you enough for always having my backand being the amazing individual you are! You made my senioryear one to definitely remember. To the underclassmen, donot give up no matter how hard it gets. It will all be worth it.Congratulations to the Class of 2015! We did it! This is only thebeginning. Stay positive, smile, and always be happy.AlainaCorizCD 2o(D.Alaina Coriz91