0
STATE
Bez 2.3
Section 3
Jicarilla Indi an Agency
Schools
The Dutch Reform Mission School not only gives academic instruc
tion but they have a course of ind us trial instruction for the
girls and boys. A small farm and garden is maintained where
the boys are taught farming and gardening and the care of stock.
The girls receive instruction in sewing, cooking, housekeeping,
etc. The Mis si on School has had an efficient force of employees
during the past year and much good has been accomplished with
the Indian children.
Indians are encouraged to vist their children in the Mis si on
School and Sanatorium and they have been able to get first hand
knowledge of the instruction as well as the proper care of tuber
cular children.
Generally the morality of these Indians compare very favorable
with other tribes and in fact I believe we could truthfully say
that they are far ahead of many tribes in this respect.
Practically all pupils six years old to the age of 18 inclusive,
are enrolled in some institution. Three or four girls were
needed at home on account of illness and were not in attendance
during the year. This also applies to three boys who, if they
were not allowed to remain out of school, their widowed mothers
would have had no one to look after their sheep and their hold
ings during the year and their incomes were not sufficient to
permit them to hire help to do this work.
Since the children at the Sanatorium are mostly small and only
attend classes as their health will permit, there are no grad
uates this year.
The school plant which consists of a main dormitory building,
school house, employees' building, a power house and four
cottages with barns, comprise the Sanatorium school plant.
All
buildings are heated from the central heating plant and the
buildings are in a state of fairly good repair.
One new
employee's cottage is authorized for next year and there is much
inside and outside painting which must be done. We have also
planned to put new ceilings on the play rooms, as sembly hall
and employees' building. With our present force of employees,
we are some what crowded but with the construction of an addi
tional cottage, the situation will be somewhat relieved, and
if this does not make sufficient room, another room or two can
easily be added on to the building occupied by the employees
in general.
