-10All available influences are brought to bear to secure legalmarriages. It is believed by using a careful checking system that thenative police can be educated to give their districts closer supervi-.sion with respect to law and order. We plan to encourage chapter organizations to aid us by giving information concerning lawlessness in theirdistricts and in settling minor disturbances which should not be broughtbefore the Indian Court. It is planned to improve court procedure andrecords.This jurisdiction should be provided with funds to hire aspecial officer to handle liquor suppression and other cases dealingwith Indians and non- reservation whites. It is impossible for theregular force on liquor suppression to give a proper amount of time tothis work and with a man on the ground we are able to prohibit the introduction of liquor on the reservation that means the expense of courtaction and the annoyance incidental thereto, where it is know that noreservation officer is available.c. Agricultural Development.The plan for the coming year is to extend all irrigation projects on the reservation to permit the use of increased acreage. Thiswill include the repair and enlargement of main ditches, the repair ofold headgates and the building of new ones, so that additional waterwill be available for this added acroage. There are a few small projects on the reservation which may be developed and quite a large areareclaimed for farming. Many of the Navajos who have been farming andgardening in the past few years have had practically no farm implementsand their methods of farming have been very crude.The plan pursued during this season in furnishing farm implements to the different groups of Indians on the reservation has been tosupply each district with as complete a set as possible. These implements have become community property and the cost whether in labor orcash has been pro rated among those who use them. This provides thesepeople with adequate equipment at a very moderate cost to the individual. The Extension Agent and farmers are able to instruct and helpthese Indians to improve their farming methods to the end that they areproducing more and better food and forage crops. The Extension Agenthas introduced the use of the trench silo, and has been able to inducethem to try several new crops. This will materially improve the income from the land and also tend to improve the Navajo diet. He hasalso inaugurated a plan for more intensive cultivation and the approvedrotation of crops. Selection of proper and better seeds has hadattention. The importance of each Indian farming land using a goodvariety of garden vegetables has been emphasized. His program includes also the planting and production of fruit trees so that Navajodiet can be improved by the addition of fruit.Efforts will be made to secure the cooperation of white peopleoff the reservation in furnishing the Navajo men with remunerative farmand other labor,D. The Use of Lands.Through the senior ranger, the reservation forest will be pro