4.
Law and Order( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
The religious welfare of the Indians of this reservation
is very completely looked after by missions with missionaries
on the reservation. We have five missions among the Hopis and
two among the Navajos. The Catholic mission is now building a
very fine church.
Present conditions in regard to the introduction of liquor
are not satisfactory. Since the special officer was relieved
from duty on this reservation liquor now and then is introduced.
It is brought in by both whites and Indians and is introduced
mostly at dances. We could easily stop this with the assistance
of an efficient white chief of police. We have been troubled
very little with this introduction of liquor, but I believe it
is growing both in volume and in number of cases. In order
properly to control this introduction and to prosecute the
violators I believe it is absolutely necessary to have a special
white officer on duty at every reservation.
Liquor, I believe, in small quantities, is now being intro
duced on the reservation, especially at dances. Most of our
liquor comes from Gallup, some from Winslow.
Very few of our Indians leave the reservation except where
they go to work. Very few of them go outside to procure liquor
and peddle it. We have a number of Indians working at Mo Nary,
& sawmill town south of here, and bootleggers find these Indians
with money, easy marks,
We have had the very finest cooperation from State and
County authorities in our efforts to prevent this liquor traf
fio. Thoy assist us in a great many ways, even coming on the
reservation to help us. We have all our field employees deputy
special officers. It would not be advisable to appoint any
Indian police as special officers,
The Indians of this Jurisdiction so far as I low do not
make any intoxicating beverages,
The use of peyote or mesoal does not prevail on this reser.
vation.
( b). We know of no white people engaged in the use or
sale of peyote in this community.
We try
Some of our Indians purchase and drink extracts.
to out this practice to the minimum through our system of issuing
permits to traveling salesmen, thereby prohibiting any sales of
extracts to Indians and traders.
