The old and uneducated
Indians generally marry and diporce
according
to tribal laws and customs. The educated young people
are required to comply with the laws of the State. However, mar
riages and divorces according
to tribal customs, by the lan of the
State, are considered to be lawful.
( a). The view point of the Indian is so much different
to
ours on the se matters that it will take some time to have
the success in this matter we should like to obtain.
( b)) I am not deputized by the State to issue marriage 18
- cense to the Indians. Though it is thought that state law
adequate to meet conditions on the Reservation, local sen
timent is such that, to insure justice to Indians, it will
at times be necessary to insist on having Indian trialsheld
in the Federal Court. In explanation
of this I will Bay
that the Law Courts take the attitude that Indians, paying
no taxes should not be a burden on the state.
We have no Indian Court at this jurisdiction. Minor matters
are generally settled by the Tribal Officials; otherwise as required
the Superintendent at the evidence and makes the decision which is
recognized and complied with, by the Indians.
The Christian Reform Church and Catholic Church each have
workers on the Reservation, each also conduct day schools at the Puebla.
Though these Indians are much averse to accepting christianityy every
encouragement is extended by the administeration for them to do so.
No trouble, has been experienced among the 2nd Indians con
cerning traffic in 11quon. The Ramah band of Navaj Os located south
east of the Zuni Reservation are bothered to a considerable extent
by boot- leggers. The se Indians, however, crave liquor as a rulee and
will not divulge the source of supply.
Liquor is not introduced on the Reservation. The Navajo above
referred to lives on the public domainp outside of the Reservation.
State authorities have given practically no cooperation during
the past year in the suppression of liquor traffic. They seem to
take the attitude that this work should be done by Federall authori
ties. I see no advantage to the work in appointing employees of this
jurisdiction special officers, or deputy sheriffes by the state au
thorities. Employees here, being known by every one, are constantly
watched. State Rangers would have much better success in suppressing
the liquor traffic.
- 2--
