Annual ReportLaw& Order- 5Santa FeScho owhich surrounds them, and owing to this fact it is believed thatif the manufacture of wine is prevented, a stop can be put todrunkeness at Jemez. The outside sources of liquor supply usedby the Jemez Indians, when their own supply of wine is consumed,are located in three or four Mexican set tle ments within a fewmiles of the pueblo. Traffic with the Indians at these pointscan be suppressed, as has been done at other places, throughthe special officers and the deputies to be located at JemezThe result of our policy of working from the ins ide out,as well as from the outside in, in the solution of the liquorproblem among the Pueblos- that is, in enlisting the cooper.ation of the Indians themselves in combating the traffic- hasbeen that the larger part of our work is preventative. Thegood results in 3tationing deputies permanently in the puebloshave been almost incalculable. Knowing through experiencethat drunkenness would not be tolerated and that any intro.duction of liquor into Pueblo lands would be apprehendedand punished, resulting in serious trouble to the individual,through the watchfulness of the deputies, the Indians arecoming to feel that they cannot drink or bring liquor into thepueblo and" get away with itOur efforts have also been directed to securing evidenceagainst saloons known to have been engaged in the business offurnishing liquor to Indians, and in the prevention of intro.duction into the pueblos by whites and Mexicans as well as bythe Indians themselves. Several cases of introduction havebeen secured. In the indictment against the Mexican, FelipeSandoval, for introduction of liquor at San Juan, secured atthe April session of the United States Grand Jury at Santa Fe,demurrer was interposed at the May term of the court. Copiesof the indictment, together with briefs and arguments in thiscase, have been forwarded to the office. The demurrer, insubstance, sets up the unconstitationality of the provisionsof the Enabling Act which made the Federal laws applicable toIndian country and Indians apply to Pueblo Indians and the irlands. This case is now pending before U. S. Judge Pope.