HOPI INDIAN AGENCY-ANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVE SECTIONSection IIISchoolsThere is the finest relationship existing between our Indian schoolsand nearby public schools and Superintendent of public schools in the counties.We have two public schools on the reservation for certain Indian childrenand the children of white employees. We had twenty children in the KeamsCanon Public School during the past year. Our only handicap is the went ofa building for the use of public school.We have plenty of school facilities within the reach of all of ourchildren of school age on this reservation and also off the reservation forthose who are not living on the reservation. As I have said above, we havehad two public schools on the reservation which takes care of public schoolstudents from both tribes and also for whites who can attend them. Alsowe have five day schools among the Hopis which very nicely meets the needsof these children up to and through the fourth grade. Here at Keams Canonwe have a boardi ng school which has the facilities of taking care of an enrollment of 150 Navajo children. Surplus over and above the se school fecilities can be sent to Albuquerque, Fort Winge te, Theodore Roosevelt, Phoenix,Truxton Canyon and Riverside.The greatest needs of the boarding school plant here at the Canyon isan add itional water supply which we hope to get next year, a refrigerationplant for hospital and school, recreation hall or gymasium, annaddi tionaldormitory space, especially for boys. At present we have two rooms of thebasement of the school building occupied as dormitories. This is not desirable.( a) With the addition this year of a new boiler and electricalgenerating outfit we should put this small plant in very good condition.( b) This past year we have increased the school garden at least200%. We still need additional land for this purpose, also additionalorchard later, which we are going to clear.( c) We are quite well fixed so far as employees are concerned atthese schools, with the exception of the fact that we now very badlyneed an additional laborer at the day schools to take care of thepumping of the water and looking after the pumping plant. We haveadded these plents in recent years with no addition of employees andwe can't very well do this pumping with our regular force.We have had no graduation at the boarding school here for the# pastten or twelve years. We do not graduate any at the day schools excep tingthat we transfer those who complete the grades to outside non- reservationschools. The character of girls returning from non- reservation sch w ls is