6.NARRATIVE.Section III-------------- Schools( Cont' a.)There have been children sent to larger schools but no graduates.7.There are no Mission or Contract schools under the control ofthe Superintendent.8. I have heard it said that the Indians are" unmoral" not" immoral". I find it hard to differentiatoin my mind between thetwo. Both conditions would p pe ar to arise from an unrestrainedand degrading indulgence of the passions. The brutal marriage ofgirls before they reach maturity might be termed" unmoral", but thatwould hardly be considered an excuse. But such offenses are becomingrare. There are few if any prostitutes among the Indians. Pluralwives all have the same standing as single wives, and their childrenare legitimate. Prevention of conception is not known, I think, orpracticed by the Indians. Venerial diseases are rare and usuailyimported from white communities.9( a) There are very many children not in any school, but it is a verydifficult matter to induce the Indians to consent to their going away.( b) there are no incorrigible pupils.( c). Returned students go totheir parents homes and help with the stock.10.( a). The new course of study has been adopted as far as possiblein the time available. Its study has been new and hard and some ofbhe employes find the methods prescribed difficult to put in practicebut are doing their best. The Superintendenthas attended the Institute at Sherman and acquired a great deal of useful informationon methods of adapting the course of study to daily practice. Withthe opening of school efforts will be made to haddle the new courseas nearly as it should be done as possible.( b). The books providedare well adapted for the use intended.11.. Regular courses of instruction will be put into effect whenthe new course of instruction gets going. During the past year theysusl routine for a small school has been followed out successfully.12. The equipment of the dormitory part of the building is good,and with the increase now going into effect will be all right sofar as it goes. With the increase of the school a larger pump willbe needed, and a larger tank. Wells should be sunk adjacent to theboiler house so that the 900 ft wastful line to the present pumphouse for domestic use be done away with. A stone coal storageshould be built as the present one is open to the wind and weatherand the coal purchased is of a character that slacks. Also thewooden coal shed is dangerous and there might be a fire, which danger would be minimized by a stone structure. The laundry needs amangle and a duplicate of the present washer.