The Zünd is a progressive Indian. He is making notice
able strides in improving his manner of 11ving. He is from year
top year surrounding himself thth. better houses and more comfortable
living conditions. The morals of these Indians will compare very
favorable with the average Ind an of the southwest. Of course the
moral view point of the Indian is in some ways quite different from
that of white people.
A111 elligible children of school age are now enrolled in
Some school,
( a) We have no incorrigible pupil8:.
( b)) students on returning home fit in very well in every
day 11fe. They are given every encouragement and help.
The course of study for Indien schools is being carried out
with thoroughness. Teachers give careful attention to the prepara
tion of daily outline of instruction, School room equipment is sat
isfactory, with the exception that the class rooms at the Boarding
School are entirely too small.
The books on the authorized list for use in the schools are
well adpted to our needs.
Thorough instructions for the classes is provided for house
keeping, cooking, sewing, laundry work, needle work and health ed
ucation,
Thorough instructions for the boys is provided in agricul
ture, gardening, carpentry, blacksmi thing, shoe making, baking,
care of livestock and painting. Very 11ttle instruction is given
in stone masonry.
Efficiency, loyalty m and cooperation among employees, as
a whole, has been good, accommodations for employees are very lim
ited. A half a dozen cottages are needed in order to provide
sui table housekeeping quarters for employees with families..
( a)) The relationship extending between the søhool and p
and public school authorities is very good..
( b) The needs of the Indians in their homes are kept
uppermost in the framing of v school work. Results on the Res
ervation are as satisfactory as can be expected.
Perhaps the most noticeable accomplishment during the
past year which to some extent has been more satisfactory than
in preceeding years has been the disposition shown by the In
dians to accept and follow out instructions extended to them in
their industrial activities at home..
----
