Definition of Terms Used in this Report1. Extension work in the Indian Service includes those matters which relate to the home and economic development ofthe Indian, his arts and crafts, farming, stockraising, marketing and rural organizations, work of the extensionagents, boys and girls' 4- H Clubs, sale and leasing of tribal and allotted lands, reimbursable appropriations asthey involve these activities, etc.2. A program of work is a statement of the specific lines of extension work to be undertaken during a year or a period ofyears by the extension workers.3. A plan of work is a definite outline of procedure for carrying out the different phases of the program of work. Sucha plan provides specifically for the means to be used and the methods of using them. It also shows what, howmuch, when, and where the work is to be done, and who is to do it.4. A community is a more or less well- defined group of Indian people with common interests and problems, into whicha jurisdiction is divided for conducting organized extension work.5. A project or local leader is a person who, because of special interest and fitness, is selected to serve as a leader inadvancing some phase of the local extension program. A project leader may be either an organization or a subjectmatter leader.6. Demonstrations as contemplated in this report include both method and result demonstrations.7. A 4- H Club is an organized group of boys( and)( or) girls with the objectives of demonstrating improved practicesin agriculture or home economics, and of providing desirable training for the members.8. 4- H Club members enrolled are those boys and girls who actually start the work outlined for the year.9. 4- H Club members completing are those boys and girls who satisfactorily finish the work outlined for the year.10. A demonstration meeting is a meeting held to give a method demonstration or to start, inspect, or further a demonstration.11. A training meeting is a meeting at which project and local leaders are trained to carry on extension activities in theirrespective communities.12. An office call is a call in person by an individual or group seeking agricultural or home economics information, as a resultof which some definite assistance or information is given. A telephone call differs only from an office call in that theassistance or information is given or received by means of the telephone.13. Days in office should include time spent by the extension worker in the office, at Indian extension conferences, at Stateand Federal extension conferences, and at employees' instructional short courses, as well as any other work directlyrelated to office administration.14. Days in field should include all days spent on official duty other than those spent in the office.15. A farm or home visit is a call by the worker at a farm or home at which some definite information relating to extensionwork is given or obtained.16. Letters written should include all original letters on official business.( Duplicated letters should not be included.)17. An extension school is a school usually of two to six days' duration, arranged by the extension service for Indians on thereservation, where practical instruction is given.18. Records consist of definite information on file in the offioe that will enable the worker to verify the data on extension workincluded in this report.Haskell-- 5-22-1933–3000[ 3]