Page 3
1. Mine families do not have a team
2. Eighteen families do not have sheep.
3. Twenty- six families do not have cattle.
4. Six families do not have chickens.
5. Ten families do not have a plow.
6. Twenty- one families do not have a cultivator.
In connection with this survey it showed that 57 per cent
of the cash income was derived from E. C. w, and Public Works
Jobs; 19-1/ 2 per cent from Indian arts and crafts and the
balance from the sale of farm crops, sheep wool and labor
secured at the day school.
The cash income among those thirty families varied from
$ 24.15 to$ 1,048,21 with the average about$ 275.00 per family.
( 3) Law and Order:
The law and order difficulties among the Hopi Indians
does not cause a grea$ deal of trouble except for a way of
handling cages. There is no court to handle cases, and the
Indians themselves do not care to take the responsibility of
inflicting any punishment. A few do some drinking and family
troubles cause the most of the trouble. The number of cases
during a year is very snell.
saction II. Aggicultural Development.
( a) Agricultural Development.
( 1) On The Reservation:
The propi Indians have for generations made a livelihood
in the desert area through their crops, and one marvels at
how they are able to produce corn and other crops under these
very adverse conditions. The tendency has been the past two
years for men to depend on relief work for livine, however,
every effort possible was made to get a larger acreago
planted to crops and our efforts bore fruit.
One of our greatest difficulties in connection with far
ing operations has been stock trespassing over the fields and
destroying crops. We bought 2,400 spools of barb wire and
sold it to the Indians on the reimbursable plan and insisted
that a mabotantial fonce be built around the fields. This has
ziesulted in a great deal of trouble between the so- called
cattlemen and farmers.
Over 9,000 peach trees bore fruit, which was the best
year for fruit that this area has had in a number of years.
In addition, apple, pear and apricot trees did woll. Over
1,500 cans of fruit were put up by the Women's Club of Polacce
at the day school. The women gave the school one can out of
six to pay for the cens.
