ANNUAL REPORT,1929.NARRATIVE SECTION.INDUSTRIES,Sec. 4.EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.The majority of the Indians of this jurisdiction live upon thepublic domain, about half of them have received allotments of 160acres. At this time 7,140 Indians have been recorded and fingerprinted, the greater part of this work was accomplished during theyear and which is the first authentic record ever made of this population, In 1907 an Executive Order by the President was made effeotive withdrawing a part of this Indian Country until such a time asthe Indians living therein could be allotted. Three AllottingAgents were placed in the field for a time, but the politicians andstockmen of New Mexico brought pressure to bear and the allotmentwork was never completed, and the Department permitted the openingup of the remainder of this land which the Indians were using beneficially and subject to all forms of entry tho we urged that thearea be held definitely for the use of the Indians. The result isthat the Indians have lost much of the range they once occupied andused. Efforts to have the Extension reestablished have met withdefeat due to selfish action by the politicians of this state, andin fact every constructive move that has been made to protect theseIndians and establish them in position to remain successful has beenbarred. They succeeded in having Congress pass a law taking awaythe power of the President to make by proclamation Executive OrderExtensions, and we have been at the mercy of this outrageous situation ever since. Secretary Fall permitted illegal fences to bebuilt and remain a barrier to the Indians in the use of Governmentlands, simply to benefit a few of his political friends at the expense of several thousand Indians. This situation remains unchanged.In the second deficiency bill of the 70th Congress, CommissionerBurke and Assistant Commissioner Merritt, with the help of friends,were successful in securing an appropriation for the purchase oflands for these unfortunate public domain Navajos, and it would seemthat already politicians and stock organizations are seeking to enlist the aid of the Honorable Secretary of the Interior in stoppingthis plan of action. The most comprehensive program that can be putforward. A number of propositions are now before the office and weurge that the new Administration investigate the situation, and wefeel confident that the purchase of land will go forward withoutdelay, for no one can put forth a constructive program unless thereis some thing to build upon. The home, the range, water development,livestock improvement, and the uncertainty and possibility of theirlosing their homes and range have confronted these Indians for morethan twenty years, and it is high time that some thing very definitebe done for placing them in position to continue to be self- supporting. To add to this unfortunate position, Senator Bratton has introduced a bill in Congress which, if it becomes a law, will give allof the Government lands to the several southwestern States and surelywould be the finish of the Indian stockman, as there is open hostilitytowards the Indians by the people of the State, and they go on record