-14In one part of the field, near the faulted zone mentionedpreviouslyin this report, a dry, stray sand is foundabout 12 feet above the top of the mein Dakotaoil bearingsand. This dry sand, in initial drilling, was consideredas a reliablemarker and it has been the custom to drillthroughit a few inches, set the casing and cement beforedrillingahead. Below this dry send there is generallya three to seven foot shale break on top the oil sand. Thedry sand and shale break have been found in wells 2, 4 and7, but in the other wellsit is missing.No. 5 was the first well to be drilledwhere the drysand was missing. Incidentally, this well was locatedhigheron the sub- surfacestructurethan was thought, andas a result the oil was encounteredand a flowingwell secured beforedrillingcould be stopped. This well is southof the discoverywell and apparentlylower structurally,consideringthe Tocito sandstoneon the surface.In theDakota, however, it is the highestwell structurallyyetdrilledand this situationled to the constructionof asub- surfacecontourmap by the writer, which shows considerable variationin the intervalbetweenthe Tocito andDakotain differentparts of the field. The subsurfacedata, based on well logs, shows that the top of the structure is reallya short distanceeast of No. 1, the discovery well.See Fig. 2.The flow of oil in No. 5 was mudded off and the wellclosedin after the casing was set. In well No. 6, whichis southeastof No. 5, no dry sand was found separatedbya shale break from the oil sand, as in No. 2. From ten totwelve feet of dry sand was encountered, however, but thetools went immediatelythrougha small shell into oil andwater, althoughthe well is higher structurallythan No.2,one of the best wells in the field and free from water.It is believedby the writer that the oil bearingsand hasalmost' pinchedout in No. 6 and is representedby perhapsonly a few inches of sand in close proximityto the top ofthe shell encountered, which separatesthe dry sand fromthe water. The few inchesof sand could supplythe amountof oil which was found and it is believedthat the wateris coming from just below the shell.It has been found by the MidwestRefiningCo. that it isgood practice to cement the oil string of casing with from10 to 15 sacks of cement, not only as a precautionarymeasurein excludingany possibletop water from the oil sand, but toalso secure a firm seat or bond for the pipe to prevent the