ANNUAL REPORT, 1928---- ZUNI AGENCY, NEW MEXICO
NARRATIVE
SECTION No. IV----- INDUSTRIES
The program which is being carried out for the industri
al betterment of the Zuni Indians, may be said to be divided
into three definite parts or endeavors. First, in encouraging
the raising in their fields and gardens of a larger variety
of products for increasing their diet range. Second, the em
ployment of better. methoäs in their forming and harvesting op
erations; and thira, in bringing them to realize the necessity
Oſ feeding their sheep, especially their old ewes and rams, a
portion of the year to prevent loss, and to secure a better
lamb and wool crop.
Better methods in farming are each year being used by the
Indians although the progress is slov. The Zuni Indian is prone
to follow the old methods and to work his field by joining his
neighbors and using the hoe where horse- drawn equipment would
reduce his labor and increase his efficiency. The same is true
in harvesting his crop and, in the case of wneat raised, in the
production of flour. The old Indians use the reap hook and thresh
by use of horses, wnile the grinding into flour is done by hand
grinding. Each year sees an increase in tne number using modern
methods but this results more from the younger generation who have
nad educational advantages replacing the old than by any change
of methods by the older Indiaħs. Last year was an exceptionally
good oņe because of agequate rainfall. To date, while prospects
are rair for a good alitIfa yiëld, several weeks or continuous
winds, have dried the ground and, where dry land farming is done,
have blown out and killed a portion of the corn. For several
years efforts have been made to induce the Indians to raise fall
wheat. This develops early and more flour is secured. Each
year an experimental tract or eight or ten acres of fall or win
ter wheat is raised at the School and this is given in exchange
for soft or spring wheat to such Indians as can be induced to
make such exchange. The wheat so received, and any remaining,
is ground into flour at the Agency mill for use in the School.
ca
at
the
school
tuaians
as
aan
ang
remaining
.
