0
O
Hopi 14.
siderable poisoned grain to help them in this matter.
e. Beans and corn they have a good market for. Also
all their fruit, which they dry. Most of these
crops are marketed right on the reserve through the trading
stores. Corn is their principal crop, both in marketing
and in food use. They have a ready and good market for
everything they raise.
1. Plenty of good seed is always held out for seeding
the following spring and the traders and this office
encourage the purchase of new seed each year.
g. No greenhouse or nursery is maintained on the
reserve. No experimental plot is operated, excepting what
we can put in each year ourselves, with regular employees.
We try something new each year.
h. These Indian never test seed, but hold the best for
that need. They are never without seed.
3. We have no allotments. Each individual or head of a
family selects whats suitable for his use and plants
it. Every year he adds a little more and if he can
afford to fence it, keeps it tilled.
4. All our Indians support themselves. No issues of any
kind are made at this agency or on this reserve. The
Indians olaim they are better off now than ever on account
of the freighting and work given them by this agency the
past year and a half. They do all our freighting and this
induces them to get better outfits, clothing, etc. There
is less poverty than ever for this reason. We also send
many men away to the lumber mills, to work on the roads,
in the cotton and beet fields, etc., which brings moro
money each year back to these people, making then more
thrifty and putting them in better condition. Each year
more Indians accept work off the reservation.
5. These Indians do not have any equipment furnished
them by the Government, excepting stook and wagons through
roimbursable agreements. They have been helped very
little. We also bought one lot of bulls for them. We
believe we should aid them to parchase their own stuff
and pay cash and are cutting the use of reimbursable
monies to the minimum. They get a great deal of stock of
their own accord, paying cash for it.
a. These Indians many times need additional stock but do
not want to go in debt for it. They prefer to keep out
of debt.
b. Reimbursable monies have been used for stock and
wagons only and outside of some barbed wire that is all
1t ever should be used for.
