Section IVINDUSTRIES( Cont'a)18. There are no doubt many crops which could be grownhere profitably, the cultivation of which those Indians have neverattempted. Small fruits, lettuce, and ather garden truck couldbe raised at soveral of our Pueblos to good advantage, and inmost instances, a ready market could be had for such produco. Intensive cultivation, however, such as is required to succossfullyraise these crops, is unknown to these people. New crops thorofore must be introduced slowly, and the Indians gradually schooledin the proper care thereof.19. All of our Pueblos, with the exception of Bicuris,are favorably located as to markets, for such products as theyhave to soll. Mumorous traders ar. located in or near the Pueblos,and a ready market is bad for such surplus produce as the Indiansmay have to dispose of. Picuris is so situated that practicallyno markets are available. There are no licensed traders at thisAgency. Such traders as operate within the Pueblos secure permission to operate from the Governor and Council.( a) We have had no complaints from ourIndians of unfair treatment on the partof the traders.20. We have ao Government owned saw- mill at this Agency.21. To have an ancient ruin at this jurisdiction koin asPuye. This ruin is located on the Santa Clara Reserve, and isproving to be the source of considerable revenue to the Santa ClaraIndians. Many tourists visit this ruin, and it is also on theregular routo of the Harvey Detour. An admission fee of 50 ¢ ischargod, and during the past fiscal year, a total gross revenue of$ 4367.00 was realized from this source. During the current month,June, 1930, the total gross receipts amounted to$ 584.00. TheHarvey interests recently enlarged their Rest- house at Puyo, andalso completed a two thousand foot water well on the grounds, whichadds very materially to the value of this attraction. Formerly,water for all purposes was hauled by truck from the Santa ClaraPueblo, a distance of some fifteen miles.22. No Indian fairs are held at this jurisdiction. Wedo, however, arrange to have Indian exhibits at State Fairs,Indian Coremonials, etc., which we believe to be advantageousin advertising Indian products.23. Those people have an annual Mesta, hold on thebirthday of the patron saint of the respective Pueblos. In addition to this annual Hosta, they have several smaller ones,usually held at Christmas and on Lastor Sunday. Occasional corndancos also are held. These dances usually bogin at noon andend about five o'clock the same afternoon.