2NARRATIVE.Law& Order,( Continuod).a reservation and in the tribal relation, I do all I can to discourageplural marria gos. Congress never has logislated to control the Indianmarriage customs and a recent decision of the Supreme Court holdsthat the Federal Courts have no jurisdiction. The Indians in mycharge not being on a reservation, I do not know how far I can go inregulating their marriage relations.6.There is a mission school at Tolchaco, ten miles from here, anda mission station at Indian Wells 65 miles east of this. school. Alsoa Hospital at the latter place. They are doing good work, but reachonly a small per centage of the Indians.7. I have had 11ttle trouble with the Indians Drinking, and mypolice have this matter under good control.8. I know of no liquor being introduced upon the lands occupied bythe Indians under my charge.9.Few if any of the Indians under my charge go off the reservedlands for liquor. When they go they go to Gallup, N. Mex.10. There are no saloons on the reserved land11. The state authorities pay 11ttle attention to the Indians drinking, in so far as apprehending those guilty of supplying the liquor.12. I would not advise having any of the Police ap pointed DeputySpecual Officers byxzhaxstata or Deputy Sheriffs. The conditions donot now call for such serious measures.13. These Indians do not make any intoxicating beverages,14. The peyote or mescal is not known here.15. Cir. 935 has not had to be enforced, the traders willingly comply.16. Both on the Leupp Extension and the withdrawal I o ntrol thisbrabch of Indian trade.17. This State went" dry" and that is the best thing that hashappened for the Indians of the State for a long time. No additionallegislation is necessary since possession has been held to beprima facie evidence of introduction.18. The enforcement of the laws now in effect is in my opinion allthat should be necessary to control the liquor traffic. Where thereis trouble on the Indian reservations it is because the laws arenot inforced as they can readily be.