O
0
Section 2.
Health.
Regular quarterly inspections covering the sanitary
conditions obtaining in the agency, the government buildings
and grounds, and the Indian lands and homes, are made by the
agency physician. In addition to these regular inspections,
the physician on his rounds among the pueblos notes any insan
itary conditions which may call for immediate attention and
obtains correction of the same. The superintendent, farmer,
field matron, teachers, policemen and in fact all who come
in contact with the Indians in their villages are ever on the
look out for conditions of insanitation which may be corretted.
No particularly new features have been introduced this year
in the" clean up and keep clean" program, but the work has been
given more attention, with the result that the pueblos have
not been allowed to accunulate refuse for any length of time.
Even more attention is needed and will be given this particular
feature of the work next year.
The one most needed additional facility for the care
of the sick in this jurisdiction is hospital quarters. And
pending the establishment of proper hospital facilities, the
temporary equipment of some quarters where acute cases, such
as, pneumonia, typhoid fever, serious accident cases etc nay
receive proper attention. It is absolutely impossible to
attempt to handle properly cases of the above mentioned condi
tions, with any reasonable degree of expectation of favorable
results, when we cannot positively control every detail of the
patients treatment. Even in our most modern American homes
we recognize the importance of the diet, ventilation, bathing,
regularity in giving medicines, the quiet of the sick room,
etc, etc, all of the features which are equally as important,
if not more so, than the drugs administered. We cannot obtain
these conditions in the Indian hone, and especially when there
are several cases of severe illness in the same pueblo at the
same time, it is impossible to give the cases the attention
they require. Whether through ignorance, carelessness or
neglect, or willful disobedience of the physician's instructions,
the minute detail of treatment is not carried out, the results
are all the same, and we must continue to have a high mortality
in the diseases above mentioned. In suitably equipped quarters,
several cases of severe acute illnesses could receive proper
attention, with absolute surety that nothing was being done
in our absence to retard the progress of our cases, and these
several cases at the same time would not be as difficult for
the nurse or matron caring for them, as would be one or two
cases which we attempt to treat in their own homes. We see
every year numbers of cases which terminate fatally which
should have been saved. The teaspoonful of liquid medicine,
or the pill or tablet every three or four hours as the case may
be is not sufficient in these acute serious illnesses. A case
which is progressing nicely, and which should by all reasonable
expectations go on to a complete cure, suddenly changes for
worse, and in a few hours has terminated fatally, all because
through ignorance, neglect or willful disobedience of some
one item in the physicians instructions, something which should
