Hopi 13.
SECTION IV--- INDUSTRIES.
1. Our program for the advancement of these Indians is
the betterment of their flocks, herds and to fence their
farming and garden lands. We use every agency in our
power to this end. The principal industry of these
people, both Hopis and Navajos, is the raising of
sheep and the selling of wool. Cattle raising comes
second. We have built new dipping vats, added new stock
and are getting more seed planted in our efforts to
better the conditions. We are doing fine along these
lines. The traders tull us that the woold sold on the
reserve this year came to market in better shape, was
graded more care fully and brought better prices because
of its increased value, than ever before. This is fine
encouragment. We sold a car load of bulls and many wagons.
Wo built two new vats and this makes it possible to dip
every sheep twice without their traveling to such an
extent that it is both harmful on the grazing and on
the stock. We are fast eradicating scabbies. We are
fast getting rid of useless horses on the ranges and
also cutting down the goats. The sheep are improving.
2. The farming operations on our reserve are confined to
the raising of corn, melons and fruit by both rribes. We
see a greater acreage in all these things every year and
if these poor people, financially, could get berbed wire
enough to fence their crops twice the acreage would
be planted. Thi is their greatest need. Give then
fencing for their fields and they would gladly put in
more crops and try out alfalfa. Also other crops, but
for the went of fencing half their crops each year are
destroyed by cattle, horses and other stock in the
night time, which travels for miles just to eat up a
corn field. It is very discouraging circumstances.
a. Each year they plant more such things as alfalfa,
grain, corn especially and beans and melons.
b. The cut worts and the sand storms are the worst
things to contend with here. Outside of crops being de
stroyed by stook the crops never fail ecept by the
two means mentioned above. The Indians replant till they
get a crop where out worms and storms work damage.
8. We are trying different desert crops in an effort to
get more feed for stock. We are aiding in building dams
to husband water for the growing of alfalfa.
d. The cut worms, before rains come, are dad on all
crops. Many crops have to beplanted two and three times
for this reason. Next to out worms comes the rodent
pests-- rats, mice, prairie dogs, etc. We have issued con
