higher standards of living. Now York is a woulthy state. The Nanjo.
are poor. No physician would expos. his patients without clothiay to
the rigors of winter and the bont of summor, yot this is what ha. hap
pened to land. It is domuded. It lacks the clothing of education. The
land is loks correspondingly, we are the people who must live eft of 1t.
MAVAJO CONCEPTS ON WENK: Freviously I comunted statistically on the
inexand mumber of patient. boing served in
our hospital. There are certain spooiri. handicaps to a wider and more
rapid adcoptano. of the seientifie viewpoints on health.
The garm theory of disease is accopted by most of the population in
this country. In the Marajo lenguag, I am told, there is no word for
ger. Dlacan, is often attributed to malignant influence, and all spirtta.
This concept, so widely accepted, kes evolved itself into a manifestation
of attempted healing by so- called Medicine Men, which is often costly and
dangerous to the patient. Vory often the Indian Service hospital is not
the first place to which the patient goes or is taken, but the leat, efter
the Medicine kan haa failed. There appears to be no other recourse,
Madleine Man has cortain advantages. He is never far away. He understande
the language and the customs of the patient and the patient's family. He
is the beneficiary of tradition. In making his living he has the advantage
of private practitioners in the country at large in thet his clientele aceepts
the hypothesis that his medications are offeetive whes paid for. xperience
has taught him to detect signs of fatal termination and often he gets out
from wder the responsibility of death by having the patient sent to the
white men's hospital. there patients have bad the services of both medicina
Men and Indian Tospital Tecovery of health is often attributed to the ef
tiendy of the sedieine kan.
NAVAJO SERVICE MEDICAL WORK: car redical work is of three kinds; curative,
preventive and educational.
DURATIVE WORK: By and large, the Navajo cones to our Hospitale when in
paia. A minor ailment attended by pain brings him in.
A serious ailment without pain laake this spur. This
situation is a dietinet handleap in the effectiveness of
our medical service. Another handicap is that is com
parison with the Fueblos and the Popis the Wavajo is
not so inclined an others to come early in tho aourse of
his sielose. The nowvous distances sese of the po
tients have to travel or be called for by hospital trans
portation to another handicap which under the ci reu
难 ataness cannot be surmounted except through Improvement
of the roads.
However, under these ciroumatances the Hospital nevertheless perters
a three- fold health service. Pirst of all it gives attention to the siek
patient. Insofar as possible, the hospitel personnel also explains to the
patient and to the relatives who usually come along to the hospital, the
nature of the diaorse and how recurrence or sprond may be prevented. This
is an important part of the educational health woxk the hospital con par
19
