XXLAST WORDS33Most of us have been together since 7th grade, and some of us since freshman year. We canall say that we are FAMILY because we have known each other for so long. We have hadmany laughs and good times together that we will always remember. Even though we were notthe best of classes, we all managed to show and prove to SFIS that we can finish! You guysare the best! Now to my Suuwuu sister' s: thank you for all the laughs, good times, and justbeing there for me. I will miss you girls! I would like to thank my parents and family who havehelped me succeed throughout my high school years. I wouldn' t have done it without you guys.Also a big thanks to Sean Trujillo who has been there throughout all my high school years.You have helped me realize what I want for my future. Thanks for always pushing me andtelling me that I can do it. Thanks to EVERYONE including the SFIS staff. Now it' s time tostart a new beginning and move on with our lives. We Made It Class Of 2011!!! GOODLUCK!!!DeannaLujanFinally done with high school. These four years went by fast! I' m really grateful to begraduating from SFIS. Thank you to the teachers for providing me the education andinspiration that got me through. A huge thank you to my family. I wouldn' t have made it thisfar without you guys. Love you all. And to the dorms, thank you for putting up with myshenanigans. And last of all, a huge thank you to my friends who made it worthwhile beinghere. And to Love, Dionah, Pat( What are you a girl or something?!), Lorenzo, Ariel, Skeets,Matt( Husband) and Sam( Ray Charles!), thanks for the craziest adventures and making itworth it. Love you guys and don' t ever forget to stay amazing. And to Erica, my little sister,hang in there and do your best! And to the class of 2011, were finally out of here!RachelManygoatsWell, seniors, the time has come. We' re finally graduating! Hard to believe, huh, with all thehard work, drama and heartbreaks we went through. But it all paid off. I' ve known most ofyou since 7th grade when we first started our high school journey. And today, we stand beforeourselves, looking back and reminiscing about the memories we created. Now, we all lookforward to making new ones as we began our own lives in the real word. With that, I' d like tosay thank you to all my friends and teachers who have helped me throughout the years. I wouldespecially like to thank the people who supported me through everything: my mom, my dad,my grandparents, Matt and the rest of my wonderful family! I love you all! You guys havetaught me everything from the essentials in life to become an outstanding student. It is nowtime to close our high school chapter and began a new lifelong journey. Good luck seniors. Godbless, and see you all around. Kelsey MontoyaKelseyMontoya