by
Agriculture by irrigation is an old story among the
pueblos. Diversion dams of Indian construction were
temporary affairs, usually constructed of earth, brush and
rock, and required repair and rebuilding at frequent
intervals in ordinary season. The difficulty of securing
permanent intake, and the necessity for
Agriculture
extensive flumes and sluice- ways across
innumerable arroyas were factors in forcing
Irrigation
abandonment of various areas from year to
year. Individuals claim title to respective
areas during consistent utilization, while
neglected areas may revert to the community and may be again
assigned by the governor and council. Young men desiring to
engage in agriculture are assigned acreage from the com
munity lands, or from the holdings of the parents or close
relatives, as may se em most satisfactory to all concerned,
Death of an occupant of an irrigable area frequently results
in temporary abandonment of the estate. Custom has rather
favored fallowing certain areas from time to time, which
adds to the seasonal unproductive acreage, but this is of
some value in maintaining fertility and more value in con
servation of the little irrigable water left to the pueblos.
Encouragement is directed toward an increased area of legumes,
better rotation, and a more general use of fertilizer.
Indians, as other people, will only cultivate lands willingly
and advantageously when there is reasonable certainty of pay
ing return.
Pueblo government is centuries old and rests upon un
written tradition and customs little understood by the white
man. Bach pueblo is a government by itself, incomparably
community- minded and self- contained, organizations showing
but seldom and only in time of extreme emergency. There is
little individualism and perhaps less special
ization. The welfare of the community is the
Pueblo
supreme end of their government and the govern
Government
ment is the council of the older men. If
individuals win tribal recognition they are
ever subordinate to community interests. A
well ordered growing pueblo is the aim, end,
and agency of their government, and with the elder men only
as spoke srnen there evolved through experience, reflection, and
deduction a conservatism impenetrable and inflexible, but re
flecting always in their arts, crafts, industries, government,
religion, and daily life. They are in the main now as they
have long been reported, industrious, honest, obedient and
orderly, seldom, if ever, the aggressors, though the railway
station Indian and the street sale sınan may be exceptions to
UI
