Jonathon Tafoya: I' d like to thank my family for always being there. I want to thank Mrs.
Salvatierra for three great educational years of math. I' d like to thank Ms. Phelps for helping me with
my English. I want to thank Ms. Gullibert for always being there. Thank the homies Martin, Josh,
Darren, Bryce, Randy, and Joseph for all the laughs. To the class of 2006 best of luck and follow
your own path. PEACE!
Jennifer Tenorio: The first thanks goes out to my mom. She was always there to help me through
hard times. Love ya mom! Next is of course my dad, thank you for setting me straight when I got
just a little out of hand. To Ms. Guerin, you kept me going even when I wanted to give up and last
but not least to the class of 2006. We did it guys! Aight, I' m out. Peace!
Tonya Toya: To my mom, I love you and appreciate all you do for me, thank you for your
continued support and love. To my dad thank you for being there. To my friends, you know who you
are, thank you for your kindness and friendship. To my cousin Garret, best of luck. To fellow
Walatowa' s wish you the best of luck. To Joann Crespin thank you for your help through out my 4
years here; you are like a second mom to me. To the class of 2006 congrats and wish you the best of
luck for your future. Go Lady Braves& Braves.
Nyna Tsinnajinnie: Damn... what took so long? Well first of all I would like to thank my
grandparents for supporting& always trying their best. Especially my aunt Bernie, thanks for
everything. Thanks to my dad for being there. Wish my mom was here but thanks for pushing&
believing in me when you were still around. Thanks to all my family members and friends, I love you
guys. Special thanks to my pudge boyfriend, Randy. Thanks for the laughs, memories and everything
else we shared. Well anyway hope everybody' s dreams come true and good luck class of 2006!
Twila Valencia: I' d like to thank my mommy and my grams, thanks 4 all ur love an support and
encouraging me 2 never give up. Thank u and I luv u!! I' d like to thank my sista “ Dit- Dit ” who told
me to never give up because it' s worth it, thanks for da advice n all ur support. N 2 my best sista/
fren Mapas thnx 4 all da laughs n advice and all day crazy stories... luv u!! and 2 my other sistas
Leslie n Beverly, keep ur heads up and don' t ever give up!! Luv u both!! Seniors!!
Anita Victorino: First of all I would like to thank my mom and aunty for always being there for me,
I don' t know what I would do without you two, I love you! To my one and only love Clint and his
family for also being there, you guys are such wonderful people, thanks. Clint thank you for always
being by my side, I love you! To all my friends Tracey, Nicole, Jazz, Mal, Giselle, Err, Di, Janine and
the rest of you guys. Thanks for always being there. SENIOR class of 2006, we did it!
Marvalenia Sandoval: I would like to thank my mom, Val, for always being there for me&
striving me to go on. My dad, Marlon, for telling me what I can& cant do. To my family, thanks for
everything that you have done for me. I LOVE U ALL. To my friends Malcolm, Lloyd, Diana,
Chicken& Evonne I' m really gonna miss you guys. To my love Roy, thanks for always being there
for me& making me feel special, I LOVE U. To the lower classmen, have fun while it lasts, but
remember education first. I' m finally leaving. So laters.
104
