2009
Kurt Mora Jemez
First of all, I would like to thank the SFIS community for allowing me
to be a part of a great family that accepts you for who you are. I' ll
miss this school and will always remember all the memories I' ve had
while being here. I would also like to thank the teachers for taking
their time to help me understand the lessons that I' ll need to carry on in
my education and all the friendships that welcome you to class. All the
faculty really makes you feel welcome and at home which is what will
be missed the most. I would also like to thank all my friends for
supporting me and for all the memories. A special thanks to my
schenanigan who' s been there for me through all the ups and downs. I
love you Nic I would also like to thank my coaches for taking their
time to help me better myself and to fight even when times are hard. 1
hope that I' ll continue my education to give back to my community,
Isaiah Naranjo
Jicarilla Apache
Jordan Naranjo Santa Clara Pueblo
My last senior words, well first of all I would like to thank my dad
and step- mom for pushing me this far, I would like to thank all the
teachers that had to put up with me, I know I may have seemed like
I don' t listen or pay attention but I do otherwise I wouldn' t be a
senior. Through out my 6 years here at SFIS I had a lot of
memories with my bro' s CJ and Darrin also with the basketball
team, this was the best season I have ever had playing here, I' m
going to miss you guys, Babe thanks for always being there for me
when I needed you, you only have one more year Trust me it will go
by fast, love you. P. S these six years have been long, And i' m
already missing basketball, now a bigger cluallenge comes, X any
going to have to work harder so I can try and play college ball.
Keiffer Nez Navajo
To all of my brotherins: Vegas Boy, aka Mr. Gering,
Janiece, My Wifey!!!!& James C. Dennis L., Jordan N.,
Christian White, Skeeter, Millz, Mer Mar, Stia, Ray
Man, Loe Luanico, Jody, Cee, Dor, B- Rad, and just my
family& the INFAMOUS SEAN T.!!!!! Thanks for all
the laughs& support, good& bad times.
THANK YOU& YOUR WELCOME SENIORS!!!! 09
25
