o
The work done by the ras that of a lor second grade. They road primers
and first roaders until March, then an easy sooond roador was introduced.
Our English was all oral work based on daily happenings on the grounds
and in the dorni torios.
Arithmetio included the buying and solling of ponoils, etc., and in
volved only addition and subtraction of simple numbors. In geography,
To discussed nature and through observing and discussing the habits of
wild animals, wo studied our health and civics.
fourth Grado
In the scholastic year 1932-33, the academic work of the fourth grado
of the Eastern Navajo School was carried on through the plan of unit or
ganization. The units usod woro:
Typos of Homos and How the Peopl. in Those
Homo. Lin( Not completed).
North America( Too broad for the time allowed
and therefore not completed).
Hoalth Unit.
Tipy Man Wanted to find a Shortor Route to the
Por Last.
How the Nations Triod to Got Woalth from the
New World.
Why English people came to Live in the Nor World.
Th. units offered only limited opportunity for the study of arith
motio; therefore, it was studied apart from the units. Much supplo
montary roading was also dono. My Woolly Roader" was a souro of mob
intorost and information regarding current affairs. Where possible,
direct application of subjeot mattor taught and knowledge gained was
made to life on the reservation.
The fourth grade helped the firth grade in publishing the ono
edition of the newspaper. Correspondence with other schools was also
an activity of groat vorth and pleamur.. Parties and picnics of various
typos served to give the children social interest and development.
Firth Grade
The academic work of the firth grade of the Eastern Navajo School in
1932-33 contered around the following units:
Houth Dait.
Dait on South America.
Unit of Europo.
Unit on Asta( Not completed)
Way Mon Wanted to Find a Shorter Routo to
tho Now World.
How the Nations Tried to got Wealth from the
Nor World.
Why English People came to Live in the New World.
How Engle Came to Own most of North America.
How the American Colonies Bocame free from England.
-
