Indians economically. I believe that the present
policy of allowing the Indians to hold the se dances
whenever they see fit should be followed and that it
is but a question of time when the dances will be
discontinued. As the present generation grows up they
will follow the teachings taught in the schools and
the superstitions and beliefs connected with the
old- time Indian dances will be more or less forgotten.
The children and return students are permitted to
view and participate in the Indian dances, and it is
not believed that this has a harmful effect on the
children, for the reason that it has been indicated
that they much prefer the White Dances.
Many of the Indians do comply with the State Laws
regarding marriage and divorce, but there are some
that evade the law. We are exerting every effort to
have all comply with existing laws. Every possible
effort is being made to prevent plural marriages, and
where cases of this kind have been reported to this
office immediate action has been teken and the offenders
properly instructed along these lines.
At this time, I can think of no additional Federal
le gislation desirable or necessary for the proper
maintenance of Law and Order on this reservation.
Indian Court is held only at such times as there may
be cases requiring the attention of the Indian judges.
At such times the judges meet with the plaintiff and
defendant, together with all witnesses on both sides,
take such evidence and testimony as required, and confer
with each other as to the punishment which should be.
imposed. As soon as a decision is reached they place
the matter before me for approval, or in case of
disapproval, such suggestions and advice as I may deem
fitting and proper. It has been my experience that
our Indian judges, who are selected because of their
open mindness and good judgment, are rarely in error in
imposing sentence upon an offender.
There is an Indian mission located at Leupp for the
benefit of the children who attend school and there is
an Indian mission located at Indian Wells. This mission
also operates a hospital, and practically all of their
work is confined to the Reservation Indians. At Cedar
Springs there is a Navajo Indian missionary working
among reservation Indians.
At the present time the liquor traffic among the
Indians of this reservation is very light. We had, during
the year of 1929 very few cases of intoxication among
- 2-
