-4
Industries( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
Stock raising is the important feature and method of
living among these Indians. Stock is increasing in numbers
and generally slowly improving in quality, although the cattle
herds do not improve as fast as they should. This country is
especially adapted to the running of sheep. These people are
primarily sheep people and their greatest interest and their
biggest investment should be in sheep. They should out their
cattle herds to a smaller number, increase the quality of
their stook, save their grazing for the sheep, and add more
sheep instead of cattle.
The loss in stook this year has been very much greater
than any other year since I have been here, owing to the
drought and continued dry spell. The stock is in very poor
oondition. The water is getting very scarce and grazing hard
to be had in the usual distriots. It is noted that among the
surplus horses going to Gallup there are few hearty enough to
stand the trip overland. There is no provision made by these
Indians for feeding during winter. The climate being mild,
they graze their stock winter and summer.
The outlook for increased stock raising on this reserva
tion is poor, owing to the overgrazed condition of the ranges.
We need more water and less stock. We aim to sell over two
thousand head of surplus horses, and get rid of them this year,
which will mean a very great improvement in the grazing situa
tion. Continually cutting the stock and increasing the quality
will also help this condition. This country revives quickly
and if we have some good rains between now and fall, it will
come back in good shape, providing ample grazing. If we do
not have these rains this year, this stock and these Indians
will suffer considerably.
We do not have any stock owned by white men on the reser
vation. The Indians need every foot of land they have and all
the water they can develop. None of these lands should be
leased to outsiders. The number of high grade sires is sadly
deficient. We have put& plan in practice where by traders on
the reservation buy sires seleoted by Indians, selling direct
to the Indians. This is having considerable influence towards
improving their flooks and herds. After the surplus horses
have been eliminated or disposed of I believe the government
should issue proper sires to those people in the spirit of co
operation, for their betterment in regard to horses and mules.
We have no tribal herd.
