-2Health.The social conditions on the reservation are quite bad.( a) We have no record of any such cases on the reservation.( b)wherever such cases are found we extend treatment in the hospital.( c) Our medical force is not large enough to perfect plans excepting to get in touch with them and do what is necessary, usingcompulsion or force wherever we have to.Unfortunately for us and these Indians a greater part ofthis fiscal year we have been without medical assistance ora doctor in charge of the work at the agency. We have been veryfortunate in having a very fine efficient physician at Oraibi.Early in this calendar year a doctor was appointed for the agencyand since then that work has been quite well attended to andmuch has been accomplished with thorough and well laid plans forthe continuation of this work covering all parts of the reservetion. In this connection we have asked the agency physician tomake a report which I am attaching as a part of this annualreport. Unfortunate for us the physician at Oraibi died onJune 4 or I would have a report from him too.During the past fiscal year we have added to the equipmentat the hospital to such an extent that we are in a position nowto do better work than ever. If we get a good physician for theOraibi station, I believe that we will make a fine showing nextyear.( a) We should have field matrons or field nurses to workamong the Navajos. At present there are none.Our field matrons have had fine success and are doing excellentwork among the Hopis. They work in close cooperation with ourtwo physicians and are assisted by medical supplies from ourhospital. They are in full cooperation with the Indians of thedifferent districts. They prevent many deaths among the babiesand are continually urging better homes and social conditions.Their attention is not particularly directed to any feature ofthis work excepting that they do try to prevent a high rate ofdeaths among the babies.The missionaries and field ma trons work effectively togetherto reach the Indian women. The missionaries also work with theday school people and visit the parents who come to the fieldmatrons' laundries. There is a fine cooperation among thosepeople and our government employees to the great benefit of theIndians. Most of this work is now being done among the Hopisand should be extended to take in the Navajo country.