Farmer' s Report.
Page 2.
The ojo Caliente settlement has the longest growing
season, because of its lower altitude, of any portion of
the Reservation. Here the water supply is from perma
nent springs and a storage reservoir where the water from
the springs is impounded during the winter, the late fall
and early spring when not needed for irrigation. The land
is quite fertile and about one thousand acres are under
cultivation. Alfalfa, wheat, beans corn and wild grasses
with garden products are produced and experimental orchards
have shown that some fruit can be successfully grown. Some
of the most fertile lands are water- logged and by drainage
and development, which it is hoped may be undertaken by the
Irrigation Department, the cultivated area could be doubled.
A brief history of farming on the Zuni Reservation ma y
help in explaining present conditions and problems. Zunis W
were carrying on a system of irrigation and dry farming
methods when the white man' arrived upon the scene. Small
streams were diverted and canals were run to springs to
obtain water for irrigation. Dry farm crops were planted
at the mouth of canyons and where arroyas deposited the ir
humus laden silt during the flood season. At each of the
outlying settlements Ojo Caliente, Nutria and Pescada, are
springs that furnish as much as one second foot of water each.
Here the Zunis planted crops but always returned to the cen
tral Zuni Pueblo after harvest time. They acrried the grain
with them but left behind valuable forage and roughage. In
1908, the Blackrock dam was completed and canals run for teh
miles through the valley upon which the “ uni Pueblo was lo
cated while schools were located only at the Pueblo thus
making it necessary for the ones who farmed on the outlying
settlements to return early in the fall and remain until late
springs at this central village. The soil of the central
village and in the valley is not as fertile as upon the other
settlements and such congested living is not conducive to the
raising of gardens or the keeping of milch cows and chickens
as could be done in the outer settlements. The ones who
moved to the central village for winter abandoned their farms
until spring. No fertilizer was hauled, fences and farms
were neglected while the time during the winter months which
could have been given to more gainful Work, was spent in
dancing and entertaining. It became aparent to the one s
having the problem of looking after the Indians and with
these conditions to face, if nealth conditions were to be
Improved, a better diet furnished and better farming done
that encouragement should be given for permanent occupancy
of their homes upon the outer settlements. Many of the Zunis
are successful sheep men and, differing from the Navajos,
they herd their sheep away from the home and travel from
place to place as pasturage is afforded. The ones living
at the settlements herd their sheep in that section and with
all their activities concentrated there, it was most unfor
tunate that the moving habit of so many years should still be
followed with its resultant disorganization. For, a number
of years, Agenoy employers who worked with the adult Indians
