LLUCULULUCULLUELÇULUCULUCULUÇUCUCUCUCUCUZUPLEUCUCUCULCULULUÇUEכותבותבתכתבותכותבותכותבותכותבתכותבותכותבתכותבותכותכתבותכותבותכתבותכותבותכתבותכותכתבתבותם12וחרClub and Department Activities202122222222222namn2N22313nNNEMEENINEnamannananananananananananananananananananananananannan UCUCURUCUCUÇUCUÇUCUÇUÇUÇUCUCUÇUCUÇUSULULLLLCLCLCULLOUGLELELCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLLLLLLLSLLUÇUCUSUPUSUSUSThree new teachers were welcomed into the Home Economics Department this year:Miss Anne Turner from Georgia; Miss Ellen Schatz from Colorado, and Miss ChristineGarcia from Arizona. All are teaching in the Junior High School. Miss Neida Martin, aJunior High teacher of last year, is now in the clothing department of the Senior HighSchool.The Senior girls were entertained at a pajama party given by the teachers of thedepartment. Pajamas worn were made by the girls in their clothing classes. Contests,games, and dancing furnished the amusement for the party.One birthday party each month was given for the Senior girls by the foods department,honoring the girls who had birthdays during the month.On Hallowe' en the club members gave a masquerade party. Each member was allowed to invite one guest. The house was filled with ghosts, witches and other awe- inspiringforms. Entertainment consisted of dancing, games, and fortune telling. Dressed marshmallows were given as favors.| A party for the children of the nursery school was given by one of Miss Jackson' stenth grade classes. Senior girls of Mrs. Franchville' s classes had charge of the games.The other tenth grade sections had these same children to luncheons.Milk or cocoa for the underweights of the school was served twice a day by EllaNeschilly, Lucile Begay, Josephine Pino, Marjorie Pierce and Mary Norman. This wasprepared by these girls under the supervision of Miss Turner.Five children attended the nursery school held by Mrs. Franchville in her twelfth gradechild care classes. The little tables, benches and chairs used by these children in the schoolwere made by the twelfth grade girls.Miss Martin' s twelfth grade girls made pajamas, bath robes, school dresses, wool dresses, and their commencement clothes. The eleventh grade made pajamas, dresses, bathrobes,wool dresses, and pieced a quilt. The tenth grade classes made pajamas, school dresses,baby clothing and pieced a quilt using Navajo design and colors. The tenth and eleventhgrades made curtains for the new Club dining room. All the classes worked on pillowcases, dresser scarfs, vanity sets, and wall hangings.Miss Schatz' s ninth grade classes made handkerchiefs, pajamas and school dresses.They also made Indian dresses for their respective tribes. These were used in her assembly program. The seventh and eighth grade classes made gowns, underwear and schooldresses. Her girls made curtains for the students' dining room using Indian designs donein crayolas.Miss Garcia' s sixth and seventh grade classes made night gowns, school dresses, andlaundry bags. The sixth grade also made aprons and bloomers. Her eighth grade classmade pajamas and school dresses.Each Senior girl in the department had a formal dinner for six people.Each girl of Miss Turner' s tenth grade class served a breakfast and a luncheon. Eachtwo girls, working together, served a dinner. Her eighth and ninth grade girls each serveda breakfast and a luncheon. The seventh grade girls each prepared and served a breakfast.The eleventh grade girls cooked some meals outdoors. Typical dishes for their respective tribes were prepared. Cafeteria meals were also prepared and served in the eleventhgrade.Miss Garcia' s sixth, seventh, and eighth grade girls prepared and served both groupand individual breakfasts.A rock garden with a fish pond adds new interest to the yard in front of the HomeEconomics Building. Cacti are to be planted in the garden.Some very interesting assembly programs have been given by the teachers and students of the department. “ Tea for the Presidents' Wives,"" The Wedding of HomerEconomics and Aggie Culture," a Pajama Parade, musical numbers, and short skits areamong the numbers enjoyed by the students.Terecita Jiron, Elizabeth Sarracino, and Carlota Valencia were sent as delegates to thedistrict conference of Student Home Economics Clubs. The conference was held in Albuquerque.Mananananananannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnzn22222 LLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCUÇUCULULLLLLLLLLLLLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLEUCULULLECUDUÇUÇUCUSUÇUSUSLSLSLSLSLSLSLSLÇUÇUÇUCULUCUCUPLZUPN22PNPOPחכחכחכותבחכחכחכחכחכחכוחכחכוחלותכותבותכותבתבותכותבותכותבותכותבותכותבותכתבותכותבותלוחכחכוחלוחם