8NARRATIVE.Section IIISchools( Cont' a).( 5, a, cont' a).In the early part of last July the Indians came to the River withtheir flocks on account of the entire lack of water for any purposeanywhere else. The River was not running but there were holes inwhich water was left from flood times. This water was stagnant, butwet, and from necessity had to be used. Before the rains came eventhe bad supply in the River was exhausted and I was pumping formore than 6000 sheep a day.In the Castle Butte District matters were very bad too andthere were disputes over the use of water. There was no water at allin the tanks, and the springs ran down until the supply from thissource was insufficient.The Malpais Spring, one of the" Day Springs", where it has beenrecommended to build a school of 150, was the only stock water inan extensive range, and was used by large numbers of the Indiansstock. Without it the Indians would have been heavy loosers andwould have suffered extreme hardship. It is for these reasons thatsuch urgent recommendationshave been made for years for the purchase of the" Day Springs". It was not contemplated to use this waterfor a school and take it away from the Indians stock. Unless sufficient water can be developed for school use in the vicinity of thisspring, independent of the spring, for school purposes, the propositionwould haddly appear practicable.So the question of increasing this school should be seriouslyconsidered in connection with a water supply, which is here abundant.To take away the little water which is so necessary to the Indiansin order to build another small school in an isolated place, for manymonths difficult of access, would appear to be doubtful policy.5( b).In a report dated August 5th, I have referred to the subjectof a school farm here quite fully. As well as 20 acres of alkalaisoaked adobe everyones' idears on the subject appear to be insidethe farm fence. It ne ver appears to have occurred to anyone thatthere could be any better land available. Now I have on land withoutirrigation, corn 7 ft. high; summer squash in abundance; watermelonsgetting ripe, and about everything I planted on this land germinatedfinely, and it would have grown if I had been able to irriga te, Whathas grown without irrigation has been on particularly excellentmoisture conserving soil. And there is enough of this soil nearthe school if properly handled, and with a little irrigation, to produce ab undantly.5.( c) The employes have been, on the whole, efficient and loyal. Any-thing contrary has been the exception. The year has been a goodone for the few children handled by the school. I hope to have amuch larger number and a school with facilities for producing betterresults.