Another feature of our water development by Indians them
selves is the tanks. llany tanks, for holding surplus water for
several months, have been built by the Indians themselves.
will be built. We are also giving individual Indians cement, pipe,
valves, etc., for the development of water on the irown places,
not subject to public use. This is a good plan and interesting
many Indians.
The surplus horses will be gradually eliminated. These have
to be handled at time the Indians can do it without interfering
with their crop planting, dipping, etc. We rounded up and had
nearly a thousand horses for the Company at Gallup, but they
refused to take them at that time. This discouraged the Indians and
killed the interest we had kindled. The next time we attempted to
get horses for this company we got 300 off, but many things hindered
that work, preventing a good showing. The company wants too much
for their money and does not keep their word at they should. When
we got this bunch of horses together they promptly advised us that
instead of allowing the Indians the price agreed upon it would have
to be fifty cents cheaper. Of course, one can not deal with an
Indien this way. When a promise to pay so much is made it must be
kept. This company wants us to do all the work, take all the
chances on all losses, and then pay as they like. The traders have
about lost interest in the matter for this reason. Without the
traders' help we would be up against it to get these horses out.
This company should be made to make a price and stick to it or
quit buying. They have all our Indians and men discouraged. I intend
making an other careful campaign as soon after we have rain aş we
can handle the matter again. The Indians are with us to get these
useless horses away and it can be done, but like everything else
new to the Indian, it is a slow process.
The home building among both tribes has been very gratifying
this past fiscal year. Many new homes have been built and the
progress among the nomadic Navajos for permanent homes has been
creditable and in some ways surprising. Hppis have made an ex
cellent showing in this respect, as the photographic reports sent
into the Office during the year have shown. Not only have many
nice hones been built in and near the villages, but out into the
valleys, where water has been developed and a permanent home place
started.
The past year we had much sickness and many deaths from
epidemics of influenza, whooping couch, measles and other diseases.
Though sadly insufficient in munbers to handle the situation in
the most creditable and efficient manner, our Health Department
hospital, physicians, field matrons and nurses, worked night and
day and made a wonderful showing, doing great work and impressing
the Indian population in such a way that that work has jumped to
a high point in efficiency and hospitalization,
