TEQUAYOPage 17GIRLS' SPORTSTop row, left to right- Faye Bia, Geronima Martinez, Susie Reeder, Margaret Lewis, Rosita Velarde, JosephineMyers, Perry Begay. Front row-- Dorothy Yazza, Ruth Watchman, Pablita Velarde, Mae Bitsilli, Stella Belinda pahe.sGIRLS' BASKETBALLActivities for the girls started soon after as early as six o' clock in the morning one couldthe opening of school.see the girls across the road swinging bats.Fall activities took place out of doors. DurThe Navajo girls seemed to reign supreme atthis American sport. An inter- class baseballing the winter months basketballs bounced andtournament was held in which Mr. Kramer' sjoggled around the gym until some were actueighth grade easily took the laurels.ally bounced out. There came a day of reckon Archery was started and proved to be aing when the varsity basketball squad was se great attraction to the older girls. A targetlected and many gave way to their betters.was put on three bales of hay, placed south ofOn squad were Geronima Martinez, captainthe Senior Girls' building and the end of theseason found it well perforated with holesfor two seasons, Rosita Velarde, Perry Begay,Pablita Velarde, Josephine Myers, Stella Belenwhich proved that we did learn to send thedelpahe, Susie Reeder, Margaret Lewis, Maearrow where we meant it to go.Bittsillie, Dorothy Yassa, Ruth Watchman andIn March there was a demonstration of theFaye Bia. The first six listed comprised the work we had done in gymnasium classes:regular team and this group was seen on the 1.( a) Captain Jinks( American Folkfloor at the start of every game. The girls Dance;( b) Osebogar( Hungarian Folk Dance),played well and the teamwork improved as the by Mrs. Smith' s Fifth grade.season progressed.2. The Baseball Game, Marie Trujillo, LacaA banquet held at the Hecha Kewa exclu- ria Velarde, and Anacita Baca.sively for the squad officially closed the season. 3. Exercise to music, Mrs. Barnum' s SixthThe following girls received letters as they ap- Grade.peared in two- thirds of the games played; Cap 4. Bean Setting( English Folk Dance)tain Geronima Martinez, Rosita Velarde, Pab- Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Grades.lita Velarde, Josephine Myers, Perry Begay,5. Tap Dance, Emily Aquino.Stella Belindelpahe, Margaret Lewis and Susie6. Little Man in a Fix( Danish Folk Dance),Reeder.Seventh Grade.With the coming of spring everyone on the 7. Clown Dance, Miss Quigley' s Sixth Grade.campus feared for their windows and newly 8. Bowery Dance, Eleventh Grade.planted flowers. Their fears were well 9. Tumbling, mixed group.grounded as more than once the ball seemed to 10. Game- Human Croquet, mixed group.travel a bit farther than we expected. Even Accompanist, Mrs. Jordon.1lo