Fresh Sprouted ChestnutsMiss Osborn: “ Now, class, all watch the board and I will go through itfor you again. ”Mr. Canfield: “ Arsenio, what is a carburetor? ”Arsenio: “ It' s a restaurant where people go at night to eat and dance. ”If the law of gravity keeps us on the earth, I wonder how the peoplestayed on before the law was made and passed?Hope and happiness are so chummy that when one dies the other commitssuicide.Life' s journey is so tiresome that a man is out of breath when he reachesthe end of it.Mr. Kendrick:" Why did we need other kinds of trade beside barter? ”Ellen M.:" So that we might have some change. ”Miss Meinzer:" Tell us something about oysters. ”Max H.: “ They are very lazy and are always found in beds. ”Sunday School Teacher:" What are the Epistles? ”A Pupil: “ They are the wives of the Apostles. ”Miss H.:" Bobby, don' t you want to show your examination paper to Mrs.Harrington? ”Bobby: “ No ma ’ am, I am ashamed of her. ”Mr. Kendrick: “ Speaking of kings and queens, reminds me of King Alfonso,who can tell me something about him?Rosarita: “ He has abdicated. ”Mr. Kendrick: “ And what does that mean? ”Rosarita: “ Ain' t gonna reign no more. ”Cojero:" What would you do if you found a horse in a bath tub? ”Chula:" I' d pull the plug out."George M.:" What animal walks on four legs in the morning, on two ainoon, and three in the evening? ”Donald M.: “ A man. ”George M.:" How come? ”Donald M.:" He walks on all four when a baby, on two when he hasgrown, and he uses a cane when he grows old. ”Roy P.: “ Father, if you will give me a dime, I will be a good boy. ”His Father: “ When I was your age, I was good for nothing. ”Mr. Martin: “ Leo, can you give me an example of created energy? ”Leo: “ Yes sir, telling a hair- raising story of a bald- headed man.'Mr. Kendrick:" What was the Sherman Act? ”.Anita: “ Marching through Georgia. ”Miss Kerwin: “ Dorothy, tell me how many bones there are in your body."Dorothy: “ Two hundred and eight. ”Miss Kerwin: “ That' s not right, there are only two hundred and seven. ”Dorothy: “ I know, but I swallowed å fish bone this morning. ”