In the matter of Ashton Nebeker vs. Allotments made to Moqui Indians oflands at Tuba City, Coconino County, Arizona.:::BEFORE THE HONORABLE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR/::TERRITORY OF ARIZONA,SS.COUNTY OF COCONINO,Ashton Nebeker, first having been duly sworn, according to law,on his oath says:--I am a native born citizen of the United States, and a residontof coconino County, Arizona.I live on a farm about one- fourth of a milefrom what is known as the" Indian Village," near Tuba City, Arizona.I have lived in this country since 1870, when I came through the sectionnow settled and known as Moen Copi and Tuba City, with a party composedof Majop Powell, A. Tenney, J. Hamblin, Elijah Potter, and Nathan Terry;but did not make the farm on which I now live my permanent and constanthome until 1892.When I left what is now known as Tuba City and Moen Copi in thefall of 1870, there was not a single Indian habitation there or nearthere, and the only sign of improvement of any kind was about a quarterof an acre rudely cultivated and claimed by some Oraibe Indians. Thisland now adjoins my farm on the east.I bought the farm I now occupy, it being the land covered bythe allotments in question, from Mrs. Alice Smith, in 1892. She and hergrantors had then been in undisturbed and peaceable possession of it eversince 1872. I paid her one thousand dollars for it.This was in June orJuly, 1892.The place then comprised approximately 160 acres, all substantially enclosed with a good wire fence; 30 acres in cultivation, consisting of alfalfa and wheat, and an orchard of 25 trees, peaches, applesand apricots, all in bearing. There was a stone woollen factory on theplace that cost not less than$ 1500-- built by the party that settled thewith John W. Young in 1872; a stone dwelling house of 7 rooms; 2 cellars,a log cabin, with a complete system of irrigating ditches and waterrights. These improvements could not have been replaced at that time forless than$ 3000. At that time no anotments had been made in that Widin