1
Statistics,
Supplement to
Circular No. 2726.
NARRATIVE
SUCTION
ANNUAL REPORT, 1931
SECTIO III
Easter Navajo Agency
( a) The Use of Lands
( 1) Forestry Activities.
The forest lands under the Eastern Nava jo Jurisdiction are not
very conspicuous; an area of approximately 8,000 acres may be des.
cribed as forest lands. Tho pred aminating species is Western Yellow
Pino( Pinnus Pondorosa) which constitute approximately 78% of the
volume. However, it is present only on about 50% of the timbered areas.
The next species of importance is the Pinon( Pinnus Edulis) which
composes a scattered stand of approximately 20% of total volume, and
is present on 50% of the forest area. This species grows in pure
stands, and again is intomingled with junipor and yellow pine. The
Juniper( Juniperous Monosperma) makes up about 2% of the volume.
It
is considered as woodland when occurring in pure stands. It is
valuable for watershed protection and is used for fence posts and
same time for mining props. This forest is not very valuable from a
commercial standpoint in sole value; however, it foms a very valuable
addict as a watershed protection. The pinon nut crop is a valuable
asset to the Indians in years of good yield, it being used for food
as well as a source of revenue. The yellow pine forest is the only
species of much value for lumbering purposes. Considering its open
and scattered adaptation of growth, it is believed that it is most
valuablo for the conservation of moisture and protection to the soil.
Owing to the fact that most of the volume is matured, it would be
possible to do some cutting on several allotments without any injury
to the forest or to the watershed to which it is an ad Junct. The
forest is very accessible as a rule. It could be most economically
logged with teams and trucks. It is believed that the cost of logging
from stump to mill should not exceed$ 4.50 per thousand feet.
The practice of grazing sheep and goats on the yellow pine areas
bas resulted in the completo destruction of young reproduction. Another
