1
Statistics,
Supplement to
Circular No. 2726.
NARRATIVE
SICTION
ANNUAL REPORT, 1931
SECTION III
Eastern Navajo Agency
( 0) Welfare and Social Conditions.
( 1) Economic Status.
The principal source of income for the Indians comes from the live
stock Industry. Every effort is made to place Indians in employment in
industrial and public works. Many are being employed at the Crown Point
Agency, such as policemen, carpenters, etc. Many are employed on road
work and dam construction; in fact, whenever an Indian can do the ro
quired work, he is given proforonce. It may be stated that in general
the Navajos are industrious and have fair sense of values. During the last
fiscal year an allotment of$ 2,900 was used and issued as rations and
perhaps$ 1,000 worth of additional rations have been issued. An approx
imate monthly average of$ 23,000 of Individual Indian Moneys stands to
their credit. A considerable amount of Individual Moneys are derived
from an oil lease source on allotments. Due to the present depression,
the Indians are sorely in need of financial assistance for developing
wator sources, agricultural projects, etc. This would give thom employ
ment and improve living conditions until such time as private industries
would absorb a greater force of labor.
( 2) Family Conditions.
The general living conditions in the Indian homes are slowly and
gradually improving. As the students return to their original homes, they
bring with them the effect of the schooling which in turn automatically
demands better living conditions in the homes. The number of families
living in houses are increasing. However, the hogan is still a popular
abodo. Many of the houses and hogans are furnished with tables, chairs,
bedsteads, stoves, and cupboards. The herd ing of the sheep and goats is
done largely by the women and children, as this custom has been prevalent
for times inmemorial. As the Indians' intellectual faculties are awakened,
his desires for a better standard of living conditions also become
noticeable.
( 3) Law and Order.
The violation of the prohibition law is one that causes a great deal
