UÇUCULUCULUCULUPUCLCLCLCLCLCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUPUCLCLCLCLCULUCUCUCUCI UCULULUCULUSותכותבותכותבתכחכחכחכותבותכותבותכתבו תכתבותכותכתבותכותבתכתבותכתבותכותבתכותבתכחכחכחכוחלחלותכתבוחבA TrueStoryBy JOSEPHINE PINO-- LAGUNAucULLOnce upon a time there lived an Indian who herded his sheep all the time. In oldendays the Indians believed in witches or ghosts. This Indian man had a Mexican, who wasa witch, to help him to herd the sheep. Every night this Mexican went out some place for afeast or a meeting. The Indian always wondered where his helper went every night, so hesaid to himself, “ What' s the use of wondering, why don' t I find out. ” When evening came,the Indian and his helper ate their supper. After supper the Indian asked his man wherehe always went, and the man said, “ Do you really want to know? ” “ Of course," the Indiananswered. The Mexican told him that he went off somewhere in a cave to have a feast ormeeting and asked the Indian to go along with him. The Indian was afraid a wolf mightcome along and steal a few of his sheep, so he declined the invitation. The Mexican assured him that his sheep would not suffer. Finally when night came and it was quite dark,the two went up on a hill; there the Mexican, who really was a wizard, made a rainbow andbade the Indian to go under, and while he was going under, the wizard told him to say," I want to be an eagle. ” Both men went under there and both became eagles and flewaway to the cave. When the eagle men arrived people were waiting for them. There wereother new members there also to become the witch' s people. Witches were always kind andpolite to people, so they put these new members in a roll in the middle of the circle. Aftera while a big rattle snake came crawling in and crawled right up to these men to bewitchthem. When the snake came to the Indian he screamed out, and all the witches fell back,dead, and nobody ever saw or heard of them after that, but this Indian became only partwitch because he had already gone under the rainbow. He told my grandmother the wholestory and that' s why my grandmother knows it.LELCISUÇUÇUSUSICUCUENCUELENSUCIWhy Jemez and Those Nearby areCalled San DiegoBy LUCY YEPA-- JEMEZLSLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLUELEUCUCUCLSIULIUCIUCLong, long years ago, the ancient people near Jemez were uncivilized. My great greatgrandfathers used to live about fifteen m les north away from the village in the canyons ofthose rocky mountains. In those days they had trouble with other tribes and with all visitors. One day the people were told that they were going to be baptized as Christians. Theydidn' t know just what that meant. They figured it out as a war, so they prepared theirweapons. Four days after that they heard the priest was coming with some white peopleand some of the Indians were so foolish as to jump down from those steep hills whose wallson either side were over a hundred feet high. They were trying to escape but in a verypoor way. A majority of the people had already jumped before two forms appeared on bothsides of the mountain walls. The one on the West was the form of the Mother of Jesuscalled Guadalupe and on the East was the form of San Diego. It happened that the restwho jumped after this were all saved, but those who had jumped before the appearance ofthe saints were injured and died among the rocks. You can still see these forms in thosecanyons by the river between the highway and those tall white canyon walls.CebolletaCanyonBy JENNIE M. PAISANO--- LAGUNAThe Cebolleta Canyon is six miles north of my home. It is a big stone cave. A bigstone wall is built around this cave to keep out horses and cattle. The gate is on the Eastside. As you enter the gate you turn to the right and there is a little trail leading to thecave. The cave is like a church. An altar is built in the middle of the cave, and there aresome statues of different saints placed on top of the altar; the big one is in the middle, andthe two smaller ones on each side. On the North side of the cave is a spring. The wateris always nice and cool. On the South side is a stove and beside the stove there is a stonetable and chairs all around, made of rocks. Just outside of the cave is a ditch running fromthe mountain to the Mexican dam. This ditch is pretty with lots of flowers growing aroundit, such as wild roses and also elm trees. Lots of people go to this place for picnics.UCUCLEUCLCLCLCLCUCUCULLCLCUÇUCUCUÇUCUCUÇLCUCUCUCUCUÇUCUCUCUCUCULUCUCUCUCULUPתכתבתכתבתכתבתכתבתכחברבתכחכחכחכותבתבחבתכחכחכחכתכותבחבתבותכתבותכתבותכותבתכתבתבתכתבך