Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agency
SECTION II. i..
- HEALTH
The general health conditions at the schools and on the reser
vation have been below normal. The winter brought an epidemic of
whooping cough, German measles and influenza and in addition to
this, impetigo and iton have been prevalent both in the schools and
in the camps. In several instances, pupils having whooping cough
developed incipient tuberculosis. Impetigo and itch both seemed
hard to combat, neither appearing to yield to treatment. Diptheria
made its annual visit but was quickly controlled and with no seri
ous results in the schools.
The
Navajo
Reside
in
one
placinis
same
nomaery
family
ownsana
The Nava jos, being shepherds and more or less nomadic in their
habits, seldom reside in one place long enough for their surroundings
to become unsanitary or filthy. This same nomadio habit also
mitigates against improved permanent homes. Every family owns
several hogans, at least two, one located on the summer range and
one on the winter range, and I believe the majority of them own
more than two. Considerable lumber has been sold the Navajos this
year, and as a consequence, some of them are improving their homes.
This is especially true of the Indians residing in the neighborhood
of Toadlena, where the sawmill is located.
There has been no regular sanitary inspection of homes. The
long distances to be driven, together with the lack of roads, coup
led with the fact that the hogans are far removed from each other
and the lack of field employees make any regular inspection impossible,
ection
to
almost
evene
might
orities
, the
owners
a
The superintendent accompanied by a district farmer and in
terpreter spent about four weeks visiting every corner of the juris
diction. Many no gens were visited and many meetings held with the
Indians
.
The hogan has much to commend it as a form of residence, It
is always perfectly ventilated, and the sun finds its way at some
time during the day to almost every part of the room. There are
some things about the hogan that one might criticise and chiefest
of these is the smoke. In the best of the hogans, the owners
have construoted a smoke conveyor usually consisting of an old
wash tub with a hole in the bottom, suspended over the central
fire and connected with this tub are several old bottomless
buckets, telescopea, and extending from the tub through the central
hole in the roof. This lead the superintendent to believe a smo ke
conveyor, similarly and cheaply constructed of galvanized iron,
woulâ prove popular with them. Hence, he had a iew fabricated in
a local tin shop. This conveyor consists of a funnel,
thirty- three inches in diameter, connected with an eight inch pipe,
the conveyor to hang in the central bole in the roof with the
funnel inverted at about sixteen inches above the fire. One of
these has been placed in the model hogan at the San Juan School,
where many Indians have an opportunity to see it; and it now
ana
telescope
uinis
lheaply
sence
,
he
of
a
um
eicht
in
the
- 5
