NARRATIVE.Se ction II-- HEALTH.1. General health conditions at the school have been good duringthe past year. The Doctor and Nurse have been o nstant in theirattention to the small number of pupils.On the reservation conditions have been Indian conditionsunaffected to any great degree by the agency physician. DoctorGeorge 0. Kock, did fine work both here and at the Castle ButteStation 50 miles east of here where he made quite a stay. His worksaved the eyes of a number of Indians2. There have been no epidemics.3. General sanitary conditions around the Indians homes are thoroughly" Indian".( a) Nothing has been done to improve the sanitarycondition of the Indian homes. There has been no regular or irregularsanitary inspection, and there cannot be without Field Matrons anda medical corps. One Physician cannot distribute himself over 160miles of territory and accomplish anything.( b) There are no FieldMatrons and only one Physician who is not physically able to coverthe ground. And he would not be if he were a physical giant. FieldMatrons, and an additional Physician for outside work with an autoWould improve matte rs.( c) No steps can be taken to care for reservation Indians or children not eligible for schools under presentconditions and with present facilities.( a) Tent hospitals would succeedjust the same as any other hospital if in the hands of the rightkind of people.( e) There is a hospital here that has been doing littleservice and this matter has been frequently referred to by inspecting officials. The Physician here is in my judgement entirely conpetent in every way except that he is physically unable to stand thehardship of reservation work in the hogans. Without this the Indianswill not get that confidence which will bring them into the Hospitalfor treatment.( fo No effective" Save the Babies" campaign can becarried on without employes to cover the territory. I have personally urged the Indians for the sake of their future generations tokeep their babies well fed and clean, and they understand, and possiblymy preaching may have done good.4. The health of the children here at the school has been well takencare of, but the jurisdiction is so extensive that no one physiciancould possibly make even an impression on the conditions that existover it. The weakness here is a common one in my experience in theService, and is that the work is more in the nature of an" officepractice" than the extensive work contemplated among the Indian homes.No matter how competent one physician could never cover the groundunder this jurisdiction and keep posted as to the danger spots.When cases are reported by the Indians they are usually desperate.I cannot compare the work of this year with the preceding years asI have nothing but heresay to judge from. I think conditDons havebeen rather better, but nothing like they should be.5. The most urgent need is an active personal campaigne an ong theIndians, Their confidence and friendship must be obtained first.