This agency very urgently requires additional employees as follows:5 stoomen.3 clerks.5 policeman.1 special officer.This jurisdiction has an area of five million acres, a populationof 16,000 people, and a sheop i ndustry which numbers more than 500,000 animals.There are also great agricultural possibilitios. With all this responsibilitywe have a total of five farmers and stockomen. The utter impossibility ofattending these responsibilities with any desired dogros of officiency isapparont. Ono man cannot range over a million acre area and accomplish anything11ke satisfactory results in promoting the numorous industries and interostsof more than 3,000 primitivo people. Five additional stockmon are required toadequately meet the situation, and with the authorization of such positions,provision must also be made for quarters and transportation facilities.Perhaps the greatest need of this jurisdiction, in order to properlyattend the multitudinous interests of the Nave jos, is at least three additionalclerks in the agency office. During the past two years the work of this officehas doubled and, in many respects, trebled, on account of activities developedthrough the Chapter organizations, and on account of much more extensive andintensivo program inaugurated. Although the office work has greatly multiplied,not even one addi ti onal clerk has been alloved. As a result, most of ourpeople give from two to four hours over- time practically every day of the week,and even then we cannot keop our work anything liko current, and we are consequently subjected to a great deal of criticism because the bills cannot bepaid promptly, and our accounts and records cannot be kept current. Accordingto the opinion of the auditor for this district, and according to my ownconviction, we have as ablo a group of clerks as can be found in the Service, butunless some relief is afforded in the immediate future, a number of these ableclerks will be forced to resign, or will suffer physical breakdows on accountof overwork and responsibility as described.In this connection I wish to emphatically report that these peoplewho work over- timo in my office, do so of their om volition, because thework is there and must be done. The si tuation is nevertheless a distressing andembarrassing one, and reasonably good administration demands that a reasonabledegree of relief be afforded immediately. The authorization of three additionalclerks would only af ford reasonable relief, and such relief has the full andurgent approval of our auditor who is thoroughly acquainted with conditionswhich exist.We have about 3,000 reimbursable accounts which involve more than$ 60,000. Many of these accounts have received so little attention that theyare practically lost. In this connection I wish to state that the greater numberof these were inherited by me. The time has come when we hardly dare extendany reimbursable assistance regardless of the wor thiness of the cause or theadequacy of funds, as we practically have no means of keeping necessary records.The present condition of our reimbursable business, together with any extensionwhich may be allowed, certainly justifies a clerk.- 2-