Ciroular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agency
SECTION III---------- SCHOOLS
The school facilities on this reservation remain unchanged.
They consist of two Indian Boarding Schools, the Toadlena School
forty miles south of Sniprock, and the San Juan School at Ship
rock, the latter comprising the old San Juan Sohool and the Camp
Unit. The Toadlena School has a capacity of two hundred and has
been full to capacity throughout the year. The San Juan School
has a capacity of three hundred eighty and has also been full to
capacity. In addition to the above there are two public schools
on the reservation, one at Toadlena and one at Shiprock, These
public schools are operated primarily for the white children of
the respective communities. However, there are a few Indian chil
dren in attendance at the Toadlena Public School. Approximately
fifty children from this jurisdiction are in attendance at the Nav
ajo Indistrial Mission School near Farmington, owned and operated by
the Methodist Church, and some of these children are permitted to
attend the public schools of Harmington. These comprise the total
local school facilities and show the only contact between the Ind
ian and the public school. The very friendliest relation exists be
tween these schools, there being no evidence of any ill feeling due
to race differences. It may be inferred that the public school has a
very small part in the education of the Navajo, and it is highly prob
able that the government school will continue for many years to con
stitute the only school facilities available to them.
n
plant
is
" room
.
Present
as
as
assembla
The old San Juan School plant is very much in need of two
additional class rooms and an assembly room. This school has
five teachers and but three class rooms. The present assembly
room is far too small to accommodate all the pupils. This assembly
room should be cut in two by a partition, thus making two additional
class rooms, and a new assembly room and sym should be built. For
the past two years, a room formerly used as club dining room and a
room formerly used as a reception room have been used as class rooms.
This arrangement is not so bad as it might be, but the plan outlinea
above would be a great improvement.
The Camp Unit, some hali- mile removed from the old San Juan
School, has no place whatever where the pupils can be assembled.
This is far from being a desirable arrangement and tends to re
tard development along very essential lines. An assembly room ana
gym should be constructed at the Camp Unit.
The office files are already full of reports, showing the
necessity of a domestic water supply at Shiprock. There seems no
occasion to repeat what has already been said so many times.
Suffice it to say the condition remains unchanged. However, it is
not unchanged in one respect, viz., we now know rather definitely
and positively Where water can be secured. This definite knowledge
not une it to say what has a suppiya
- 11
