A. G. Dwire-.- 2.I en enclosing the above mentioned statementof the Gerson Gusdorf- We11 Co., with the request thatyou have this statement explained to the widow andchildren of Job A. Cooper through an interpreter whomsho may select and in the presence of yourself andanother witness. Please at this time inquire fully into the otroumstanoes of this account from Ire. Cooperand her children with particular reference to the taotaas represented to me by Mr. Gusdorf, as I have set outabove. In your reply I would appreotate a statementfrom you as to any facts in your knowledge with reference to this account.Under the regulations of the Department, themoneys de posited to the oreast of the heirs of Job A.Cooper may be one oked out by such heirs only on theapproval by the superintendent of such che oks. Forthis reason I desire any information in your nowledgeabout this matter, in order that I may be fully andproperly informed' in suoh recommendation as I may make.When the enolosed statement of the Gerson Gus dort.Wel Co. has been read to Mrs. Cooper and the itemsand details explained, and you have made a full andcomplete inquiry of her with reference to this account,you will ascertain from Mrs. Cooper and her childrenwhether they desire that this account be settled bythem or paid from moneys on de posit to their oredit.Having a80ertaine& Mrs. Cooper' s and her childrens'desires in this respe ot, please prepare and have interpreted to them a brief statement setting forh theirwishes as to the payment of this 8. 00ount, which havethem sign and witness such signatures.Please attach to the statement of Mrs.Cooper and children a statement to be signed by theinterpreter, that such interpreter interpreted fullyand truthfuily from English into the Taos languagethe items of the statement of the Gerson Gusdorf- WeilCo., and that he fully and truthfully interpreted suchstatement as was signed by Mrs. Cooper and her childrenas to their wishes in this matter, and that all inquiries made of and answers by Mrs. Job A. Cooper andher children were fully and truthfully interpretedfrom English into the Taos language and from the Taoslanguage into English.Please return the enclosed papers with thedesired information at your early convenience.Respectfully,HTC( C)Superintendent.