MUNGElisonPlateroartinezWhat up seniors?! Well, these past months of our last highschool year have been filled with memories never to forget!After being here since I was a sophomore, time has flownby and things have changed. We are now at the start of ourlives ready to take the obstacles in life. I would like to thankmy father, mother, and family for pushing me in high school,especially academics. To ALL my friends including, Xavier,Daniel, and Kuien. Thank you for the memories. There weretimes where we all laughed, got into trouble, and did thingsthat we did regret but had fun. I will always cherish those moments. For the underclassmen, all I have to say is enjoy highschool and make the best of it because it really does goes byfast. While looking back at my high school years all I can say isthat, it is not the goodbyes that hurt, but the flashbacks thatfollow. Congratulations seniors! We did it! Class of 2015!Ellison PlateroKimarieRamone) myyoneonlyThis year was definitely one to remember. I had my ups anddowns but I managed to look beyond that and look forwardto the road ahead of me. Without the help of my family,and friends I would not be where I am today. To my mom,grandparents, and siblings, you have been a huge part ofmy life and my accomplishments, especially my mom who isthe back bone of my family. I love you. To my friends Shea,Kallen, and Jackie, thanks for all the laughs. Stay on top ofyour work and strive for the best. I believe in you guys. And tomy fellow seniors, WE FINALLY DID IT! CLASS OF 2015!!Kim Ramone8aTanjoGiannaSakevaCongratulations Class of 2015! As we step into the next chapterin our lives, I want to wish you all nothing but the best! Havingspent four years with most of you, I take all of the memoriesthat we made with me! Thanks to Jordin, Alaina, Alicea,Charelle, Mandy, Quillan, Joseph, Stephan, Benny, Alejandro,and Alec for making my last year of high school a memorableone. A HUGE thank you for my main supporters, my mom anddad, for pushing me to achieve what life sets out for me andto keep up with my grades. Jill and Vick, thanks for being mymoms away from home. I am truly thankful to have met youboth with your crazy personalities and endless support. Glenn,thanks for the motivation and being the coolest boss ever!Class of 2015, this is not a goodbye but a see you later at a classreunion in 20 years! Thanks,CiAnna Sakeva95