Annual Report, 1926.
San Juan Agency
.
With the range Brazed to its capacity, there is not an
abundance or opportunity for the sheep owner to increase
his herds, nor is there
an abundance of opportunity for
the returned student, who by reason of his long absence,
has lost his inherited range, to repossess those rights.
As I have stated above, the only limit to accumulation
is the limit of opportunity and these limits are mighty
tell defined on the Navajo reservation
There were about 350 new pupils taken from the
San Juen reservation during the year. Two hundred and twenty
of these were placed in the Miese Unit of the San Juan
School which was opened for occupancy in the late summer;
about one hundred were placed in the oadlena School to
replace pupils that had been transferred and to fill the
new capacity created by the construction of sleeping
porches; end the remainder filled vacancies created at
the San Juan School by transfers to non- reservation Schools
It is known that there are remaining on the juris
diction children of school age that ought to be in school.
How large or smell this number may be we have little accurate
means of ascertaining. In March 8 letter vies written to all
licensed Traders, Lissionaries, etc., operating on the
reservation, asking for specific information. These people
were requested to furnish the narnes of Indians, trading
with or known to them, having children of school age, to
gether with the sex and approximate ages of such children
Then a Government employee goes out after children the
parents are immediately suspicious and conceal the children
or send them for the time being to live with friends or
kinfolk residing in other parts of the country, but the
Trader and Miissionary, being intimately associated with
the Indians all the time, can learn of the existence of
the child without causing suspicion. These people have been
mighty nice about the matter and responses have been had
from most of then, the returns showing about 150 children
of school age now out of school on the jurisdiction. This
list may be added to or it may develop that there have been
some duplications. The two district farmers, the stockman,
and the superintendent have also be en endeavoring to locate
every child of school age renaining out of school end we
feel that the opinion now expressed represents approximately
the number of children remaining on the reservation. It least
it is not wholly conjecture. We are under instructions to
transfer this season
100 pupils to the Chas.
H. Burke School
15 to the Phoenis School
19
