commencement. Much enjoyment was had in practicing this our class...
night play. With class nite over next comes commencement and then
the breaking up and final separation of the class of Nineteen hundred
and forty- eight.
The lessons which we have learned through our teachers hard work
and fine instruction we shall never forget. To them we all say,
thank you. We know that by having been in this school we shall all
be better equiped to" GO Forth to learn and Go Forth to serve!'.
CLASS M- TTO
1xGĐ forth to learn, go forth to serve" is our class motte. We
chose this motto because" Go forth to learn, go forth to serve", is a
challenge to us now that we are finishing high school. Graduation
represents only the beginning of our careers and further more we should
go forth to seek higher education,
Someday on coming back to our communities, we hope that we may
serve our own people and all other people around us, or in other commun
ities and our country through the knowledge and education we receive.
CLASS FLOWER
,
No flower of our gardens presents a more gorgeous spectacle or a
greater variation in form and color than the tulip.
According to an old Devon folk tale, the pixies put their babies
to sleep in tulip cups to be rocked by the night wind. To Persian:
youths the flaming tulip blossoms are symbols of love. In Turkey the
opening of the first tulip is a signal for annual festivals and fun
making. Although Holland has long been the recognized home of the
tulip, the flower is a native of Asia, Asia Minor, and southern Europe.
In 1554 it was first introduced into northern Europe by the
Austrian ambassador to Turkey. He brought with the flower its name,
which means turban in Turkish.
The tulip belongs to the lily family and is found in about 100
species and nearly 200 varieties,
Tulips have little or no scent, but is admired for their beauty
and the variety of colors.
CLASS CCLORS--- LAVENDER AND GOLD
" Don' t be afraid to show your colors" is the advice often given
to young people when they are starting out in life. The class of 1948
of the Santa Fe Indian School, is proud to point to the lavender and
gold in its decorations, and the lavender and gold of its banner, as
the embodiment of its principles and the symbol of what its" future
characteristics must be
From the beginning of time gold has stood for value and for
purity." As pure as refined gold" has passed into a proverb, and" as
good EB gold"," as true as gold", rgs pure as gold" are comparisons in
almost daily use. But gold in its native state is never pure. It must
always be tried by fire, and purged of all dross and impurities before
it attains to the perfection of its highest state of value, and here is
where the lavender and tribulation is introduced; for the gold can.-
never reach its best except through the lavendish of the purifying heate
Thus it must be with the formation of our characters, and with the
living out of our lives. The gold must bepresent to each one of us the
perfection of character and attainment that we aim to reach in our
12.
