Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern Navajo Agency
appears that the demand will be great. It is my intention to pur
chase about one hundred of these smoke conveyors next fall, and I
believe their use will become general and will result in making
the hogan much more habitable.
Ano ther physician, one that is not tied to school or hospital
and who could hold olinios at regularly stated intervals in dif
ferent parts of the reservation, is a necessity, and two such
physicians would be twice as good as one,
Under present conditions, little is done to combat tuberculo
sis. Occasionally a case is sent to the East Farm Sanatorium or
to the sanatorium at Laguna, and occasionally an incipient case
is placed in the San Juan Hospital or a more advanced case in a
tent house in close proximity to this ho spital, where hospital
attendants can wait upon it. However, there has been no syster
atio campaign. Very little is being done to combat trachoma on
the reservation, Occasionally a case is treated by one of the two
physicians, but no regular or systematic campaign has been prose
cuted.
HH
The San Juan Hospital has been utilized to its capacity
throughout the greater portion of the year, chiefly with epidemic
patients. There have not been many cases from the reservation
receiving treatment therein, Personally, I have not rioted the
existence of any reservation influence that is seriously opposed
to the hospital. It is true that Indians fear a house in which
a person has died, and Navajos are no exception to this rule,
but I do not believe that this prevents them from bringing to
the hospital such patients as they desire to bring in,
The venereal diseases seem to be practically unknown among
the Nava jos of this jurisdiction,
The jurisdiction is supplied with neither field nurses nor
field matrons.
Herewith follows a report from Dr. James D. Kennedy, who
has been with the Navajos a great many years and who, for the
past five years, has been located at the Toadlena School where
he attends the neeas of the school and as much of the reser
vation as he is able to reach:
" ohe general health conditions of the school and
agency have hardly been up to normal the past year
due to the prevalence of whooping cough, German
measles, influenza, chicken pox, and skin diseases.
" Improvement in the general sanitary condition
of the Indian homes is noticeable.
- 6
