During the past two years a very careful census of this jurisdiction was taken. This included the preparation of a family card, anindividual card, the assignment of numbers to every individual, and thetaking of the finger prints of every individual,Our census roll carrosa total of 15,880 Navajos. Keeping records of births, deaths, marriagos,divorces, and other phases of vital statistics, in accordance with thesystem inauguratod, or in accordance with any effective plan, requires thefull time of one clark. A great expond i ture of money was incurred in obtaining this census. Tho nood of an accurate condus is absolutely essential.It therefore appears reasonable that the position suggested should be au thorized,and this should be done immediately.The third clerical position should be that of an additional stenographer.The offico affords one stenographer at this time who, in addition to her stenographic duties, attends all the filing required. The time of this clerk isentirely taken up, together with a great deal of over- time, in attonding thesefiles and taking the work of the superintendent. The chief clerk has nostenographic help, and his need of such assistance is imperative to an extremedegree. The budget for this jurisdiction during the past year was approximately$ 600,000. The chief clerk has immediate direction of the purchase and accountingdivisions and, in addition there to, attends a great deal other work of an administrative nature. He can easily keep a stenographer busy at all times, andby having such service would be able to attend many other matters of very greatimportance which he cannot attend under present circumstances,This agency is now allowed five Indian polico. Such personnel isentirely inadequate for our needs, as there are many sections of the countrywhere police representation cannot be extended. Five additional policemenare very necessary. One of these five should be des igna ted Chief of Police.This total number of ten policemen would work out with our reservation organi zation program very satisfactorily. A native policeman cannot operate overa large district because the only practicable transportation is a horse. Underthe present plan each policeman's allotment of area is something over a millionacres, with an average population of more than 3,000.In order to exercise best control of liquor traffic among the Indiansof this jurisdiction it is highly desirable and, in fact, very necessary, thata special officer be assigned to this jurisdiction with headquarters in Gal lup,New Mexico. Gallup and vicinity is the main source of liquor supply to theIndians of this jurisdiction, and to the Indians of several other jurisdictionsof this section of the country. It is no doubt the biggest Indian tradingsection in the entire sou thwest. Furthermore, the population of Gallup is madeup largely of Mexicans and a foreign element which usually follow coal mining,and which types of people most frequently participate in liquor traffic amongour Indian people. At present a special officer has headquarters at Leupp,which is considerably off center of the Indian population and the sources ofdifficulty. It is urgently recommended that an officer be assigned to thissection of the country, with headquarters in Gallup. Such an assignment wouldnot only accommodate the needs of this jurisdiction, but of neighboring jurisdictions as well.