2.is no other place for them. They cane to us in bitter colaweather and were nearly starved and practically neke d. One ofthem had on a pair of man's shoes without stockings, anotherhad his feet tied up in some dungaree and the other was absolutely barefooted. The only wonder is that they survived atThey are now the school pets and will no doubt be spoiledin spite of all we can do. At my request you sent Dr. L. I. Culpto investigate the handling of the influenza epidemic. The Dootor made a very complete investigation of the whole matter andsubmitted to you a report, to which I refer you for further informationon this subject.all.Dr. Walter K. Callahan was the only physio lan we had tocover the whole reservation du ring more than nine months of theperiod. He broke down during the influenza epidemic. Dr. A. M.Smith, of Farmington, though rushed to the limit of human endu renoe, was very good to help us out in consultations and madeone trip to Toadle na for us. Dr. Beckman, of Wichita Falls, Texas, spent& month helping us out during the influenza. He wasat the Toadlena Sohool all the time. Dr. Callahan was transferred to the Fort Belknap jurisdiction at his own request afterwe got through our epidemio. When Dr. George A. Mo Ewen reportedhere I allowed Dr. Callahan to proceed to his new station. Dr.Mo Ewen had the practice here at the Agenoy( which included thewhole reservation) until June second, when Dr. John C. Graffinreported for duty, and Dr. MOEwen proceeded to his regular station at Toadlena, Dr. Graffin is a Captain in the Medical Corps,U. S, Reserves, and had spent over a year with the colors beforecoming to 18. He is in the prime of life, and from the way hetakes hold, we think we have made a real find.There has been nothing done to improve the sanitary conditions of Indian homes during the present period. It was simply impossible to do it. However, the sanitary conditions onthe reservation are not as bad as one might think. Our peoplehave very few house8. Most of them live in hogans, which insome cases are only brush sheds, and they move with their flooksthree and four times a year. With these moves the sanitary conditions do not beoome 80 very bad at any time. Untilwe cankeep& larger medical and sanitary force employed, nothing canbe done to improve the health conditione out on the reservation.10.