20- HopiWELFARE AND SOCIAL CONDITIONS:The economic status of both Hopis and Navajos can besaid to be good. During the past winter we issued some subsistence- to those old and indigent Indians actually needing suppliesbecause of poor sale for lambs last fall, no remunerating work, asusual, for most our army of workers who generally get some work offthe reservation. They had, as a rule, enough to live on, but insome cases it was not more than enough. We could say it was anunusual year for the Indians as well as for the whites, but thatthe Indians did not suffer as much as the whites from" hard times".The office allotted an unusual amount of road money and we had anextra amount of bridge building, so this extra money( spent entirelyamong our Indians) prevented any real suffering.1.The family conditions can be truthfully reported asbeing not good but that does not mean they have not improved. Theyhave, and as long as the Government has an organization here likethe present they will continue to improve. The horne, or family,conditions can not make the progress toward better standards orimprove as they should till they are governed by laws similar tothose under which whites live and abide by. When the FrazierSub- Committee was out here this came up and while not properlypresented was cause for comnent by members of the Committee.Conditions are not good and never will be till we get proper lawsto make the Indians do better especially the obstinate Hopis.Would say here that since I have been here we have had 120 legalmarriages recorded in the county seat solemnized here on thisreservation an encouraging sign for better conditions.The general Law and Order conditions, as intimatedabove, are not what one could determine as good, but probably asgood as one could have them without laws excepting for the eightmajor crimes. Law and Order governed by these eight major crimesis good- for every crime of this class perpetrated is vigorouslyprosecuted, with the result we have few cases now under them inthe courts. With such laws governing misdemeanors it would beeasy to vastly improve home conditions. A few arrests andconvictions would soon develop a different attitude and improveour present situation wonderfully.To keep proper law and order on the reservation is alarge problem- probably our most important problern. The native