Section 5.Programfor the Coming YeariIndustrialDevelopment.It is our plan to go ahead for the coming year alongthe lines already outlined. The Indians will be eno u ragedto reduce the number of their sheep and concentrateonImprovingtheir livestockso that an equal or better incomewill be derived from fewer animals and in this manner therange can be increased.We will develop more wells and increasethe water supplyto the fullestpossible extent as this is the greatestneedof the Navajo people.Crops will be increasedand the Indiansencouragedtouse a greater variety of farm products. It is believedthat this work will be enthusiasticallyentered into by theIndiansas they have taken more and more interestin theirfarming. Our fair was hardly over until they were makingplans for the next one.Welfare and Social Conditions.Every effort will be made to improve the welfare andsocial conditionsof our Indians. The developmentof morewater will assist them greatly in improvingtheir livingconditions. As the reservationis alreaảysupportingmoreIndiansthan can properly be cared for, it is our aim toencouragethe studentsall through their school life to goon with their educationin order that they may be able tohold a positionin the outside world and not have to returnto the reservationfor a livelihood. It is qui te evidentthat the older generationnow living on the reservationwillnot be able to make a living elsewhere. However, if we caninfluencemore of the studentsto go ahead, while no doubtsome will come back to the reservation, we will be able toprevent the reservationbecomingso heavily populatedthatit will be impossiblefor many to make a living at all. Itis encouragingto no te that mo re pupils wish to stay at theAgency during the summer months and work rather than go backto their ho gans. While most of them want to visit theirfolks for a short time, they do not want to go back to thehogan to live. There is no doubt but that proper feedingand care of the pupils, while attendingthe boardingschool,has a great deal to do with this attitude.