HOPI INDIAN AGENCY
ANNUAL REPORT
NARRATIVE SECTION
Section IV....
Industries
On account of the Navajos being a nomadio people it is
very hard to lay down an industrial program which might be
accepted by them.
Our general program is to assist them in
every possible way to better homes, to more permanent homes,
to the development of more water, to proper control of their
grazing areas, to the increase of quality rather than quantity
in their flocks, and to get them to be more sanitary in their
modes of living. Home improvement, stock improvement, health
improvement is what we forever keep in mind. We do not have
the field employees we need for an intensive program of special
work among these people, as we do have among the Hopis. We
should have stookmen and field matrons to assist in this work
among the Navajos.
The Hopis are self- supporting and progressive. Our pro
gram with them is based upon their need for encouragement of
better home conditions, better morals, more agricultural
fields and orchards, and a better grade of stock. There is no
Hopi or Navajo on this reservation getting help from the
government They are two very fine tribes, independent,
thrifty, and progressive.
Every year sees increased farming operations among both
the Navajos and the Hopis. This year many new fruit trees
were set out on the reservation and probably two thousand
more acres of agricultural land oultivated.
It is& very
discouraging
year. It has been exceedingly hot, windy, and
dry in every way. A number of the present orops have been
planted four times, with the probability of a very poor
yield. We have had no rain since February. Crop conditions
are very discouraging to both the whites and Indians.
In
every year excepting a drought year like this, conditions
among these people improve. While prospects for this year
are very poor, still these Indians are never actually dis
couraged. Every year we try to get the Indians interested
in new fruit trees, vegetables, and other crops.
This
year
we have quite an acreage out in potatoes, something the
