SECTION II
Narrative Section
Circular No. 2766
Report, 1931
ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT
The re is very little farming done by the Indians upon
their own land. Their Work is mainly among the neighboring
white farmsors. The last two years have not been very
good for this kind of labor and our Indians, in consequence,
are in poor circumstances. The tracts stili owned by the
Indians are small, ranging from five to forty acres each.
In normal years our Indians can obtain all the employment
that they wish and need no assistance. It must be under
stood that our Indians have lived among the white people
for at least fifty years and have adopted their ways. The
Indian women make baskets, for which there is usually a
ready market, helping quite materially in their support.
SCHOOL FARM:
In
no
they
wish
amalans
have
a
HA
ve
ado
On our school fa rin we experienced an extreme drought
last year which materially cut down the production. The
most unfortunate part is that the rotation has been broken
on account of the inability to get a stand of alfalfa or
clover. Our farming land is about two hundred acres; the
balance of the school land, or 120 acres, is divided into
the carnpus, grove, orchard, and pasture. The soil is fairly
good, ranging from light sand to really heavy clay. We
are planning on milking twenty cows this winter, with some
new stock to freshen another year. The production of pork
last year gave us all of the fresh pork needed for the pupils'
tables and the number of young pigs produced this last Spring
is la rger than it was last year. A team of horses was added
to the ones we now have on hand, which makes five teams. The
number of pullets in our poultry de partment is four hundred.
During the summer we employ pupil labor upon the school
farm wherever we can when labor is necessary. Our boy students
when they return home can find work in the ir own communities,
on either farms or fruit picking. The last three years we
have placed a considerable number of girls at work during
the summer vacation and have quite a number out this year;
in fact we placed all girls who were old enough and were
permitted by their parents to go out into some employment.
can ibor is upil labo
Perunit te re, Piaction era b10 ting. in the I. Our the s
