12- HopiThe conditions with reference to fences are very poor.The purchase of barbed wire will help this a great deal and willprevent a deal of economic loss through damage by stock.We arecontinually after them to do more and better fencing, and to herdtheir stock in crop time.The Indians are not required to do road work withoutcompensation but are very good about assisting wherever their helpis needed. They have donated many hundred days' work on our roads,for which we get very little money. Without this volunteer helpWe would have very poor roads indeed. With the increased numberof automobiles we find an increasing interest among the Indiansfor better roads, and we capitalize this wherever and wheneverpossible.The Irrigation Service has a station on this reservation,and we have a number of wells which they maintain and keep inoperation. During the past year, through a special arrangement,this Irrigation Service station has used money allotted to us forthe devlopment of seepages and springs, and we are very greatlygratified at the increase of water and grazing acreage allowed bythis special development. Of course, the conservation advantagein handling the water through pipes is an important factor of thisdevelopment, also that of saving long drives for many flocks. Wehope this cooperative arrangement may be kept up.We have no allotments or other land leased on thereservation. All the reservation land is used by the Indians.None of it at any time should be leased. It would not be advisablefor any of these people to lease any of their improved or unimprovedland.Stock raising is the important feature and method ofliving anong these Indians. Stock is increasing in numbers andgenerally slowly improving in quality, although the cattle herds donot improve as fast as they should. This country is especiallyadapted to the running of sheep. These people are primarily sheeppeople, their greatest interest and their biggest investment shouldbe in sheep They should cut their cattle herds to a smallernumber, increase the quality of their stock, save their grazing forthe sheep, eliminate their surplus goats and horses, and add moresheep instead of cattle.The stock is in very fine condition. Water is scarcebut good grazing is to be had in the usual districts, Horses arecontinually passing account of no stallions. There is no provision