LASTWORDSAfter four long years of high school, the end is finally here. My experience here at Santa FeIndian School has been very memorable, and I will never forget all the support I have gotten.want to thank all the teachers who have pushed me and helped me get through my classes. Iwant to say thank you to my dorm parents, my SLAs and RAs, for taking care of me. Inparticular, I want to say thank you to the RA Gerri Lovato for helping me accomplish a lotand believing in me. The most memorable part of my experience I will never forget is myfriends: you know who you are. Thank you all for the memories and being there for me when Ineeded you. Thank you to everybody else who has helped me in any way. I want to say thankyou to my mother, April Mae, who still supports me and still looks down on me from heaven. Iwant to say good luck to the underclassmen. Never give up no matter what. Good luck toeverybody, and I hope you are all successful after we graduate. This is it! I' m out, class of2011. Here we go.KianaKanawiteI' d like to thank everybody that has made an impact in my life, especially my father. He is thegreatest teacher to me and gave me the inspiration to do the things that I love. My father hadthe biggest impact on my life because I wouldn' t be the person I am today. I would like tothank my teachers for giving me the opportunity to succeed and believing in me. I am hopefulthat one day I will live my dreams. I would like to thank my coaches for pushing me to becomea better athlete. But above all, I would like to thank all my friends for giving me theinspiration, love, and strength to keep going. You helped and encouraged me to be a betterperson and, perhaps, one day, change the world. Sadly, this is the end of high school chapter,but we still have an entire lifetime to make new chapters. Sure, life will be tough, but that' swhat life is. It may bring us down a bit, but we have to pick ourselves up. I love you guys! WEGRADUATED!!!!“ Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. ” John MaxwellBoyeLaddI MADE IT! Well, to all my friends, bros and sisters, keep your heads up and keep movingforward. You' re going to make it! Never lose faith and just know that I' m going to miss you.Make me proud! I' m glad and sad to leave, but mostly glad. This school has brought me manyup' s and down' s. As much as I disliked it, I loved it because it gave me a chance to meet all ofyou. Much thanks to all of you! I have to give thanks to my family because they' ve been therefor me every step of the way. Much thanks and love to Gladys Martin, and Ken Kambeitz forbeing there and encouraging me to keep moving forward. This school has taught me that lifecomes with obstacles and problems but, with the help of family and friends, you' re going tomake it through. Never forget the times we shared: the good and the bad. I love you and willmiss all of you!" You got to keep your head up even though the road is hard. Never give up." TupacKayleenLovato