3.
Forner jurisdiction hoadquartors now become hospital and school centers and
headquarters merely for the districts in which they are located. Headquarters
for overy district have been determined largely by ostablished community con
tors as" Kayenta, Tohatchi, Fruitland, eto. Attached to this report is a
list of the district headquarters and supervisors.
During the latter part of the fiscal year survey groups were organized
on a distriot basts. Prior to June 30th surveys were completed on two of
the districts: Five Chapters and Tsaile.
Those surveys were designed to determine the nature of human do
pendency on the resources contained within each district. Thoy are furthor
designed to determine the variability of this dependency and so provide the
following information: Density and distribution of population. 2. Na
ture and significant relationships for the consumption group. 3. The sig
nificance of the various sources of income for each group. 4. The present
use of the resources within the area. 5. The carrying capacity of the
range as set by physical limits of soil and climate. 6. An inventory of
livestock by grade and classes with particular reference to the efficiency
of production for Navajo needs. 7. The present and future availability and
quality of crop land. 8. The present and future fuel supply. 9. Condi
tion of water shed; sufficiency of water utilization; measures which would
bo practical in order to effect restoration of the water shed. 10. Recom
mendations for development of water supply for domestic, agricultural and
livestock
purposes
.
Districts have been organized with a view of securing local super
vision and administration of land use. We believe that this form of ad
ministration can be made much more effective if a change is made in the
chapter system. We do not propose that the chapters be eliminated entirely.
We believe that they will always remain integral parts of conmunity life.
We do not believe that we should continue to foster them as local political
entities. We believe that we must create district rather than chapter con
sciousness
. This is absolutely essential if we are to achieve any degree
of success in range management administration. Certainly, range management
plans which consider seasonal use and rotation grazing cannot be drafted to
coincide with hypothetical chapter boundaries, which consider neither top
ography nor climate. Then, too, it will be necessary in many instances to
shift or resettle the population to some extent, in relation to agricultural
resources developed by the government. For this reason we have given chapter
passive rather than positive recognition. We believe that chapters can serve
an excellent purpose as precincts from which delegates will be elected to a
district council. This council would be the Navajos' representative body for
all things proposed for the district. Out of a district council, which will
be elected on the numerical and chapter basis, we hope to create a Navajo
Tribal Council which will truly represent, geqne cally and numerically,
the Navajo people.
