Northern Navajo Agency.
Circular No. 2316
1927
These Indians have several thousand head of goats largely of
the Angora type. Last fall there were purohased for sale to
Indians fifty- one head of pure bred Angora bucks. This is but the
beginning and we propose to do to the goat herds precisely what
has been done to the herds of sheep and in this manner and through
the goats provide the Nava jo with another source of income, viz.,
Mohair.
This spring, thirty head of pure bred Hereford bulls were
placed on the reservation. This is but the beginning. The next
few years will see the nondescript herds of cattle belonging to
these people transformed into White Faces.
There is no intermingling of the two races. We have no pupils
of mixed blood in school. There is no place where the two races
touch, except through the trader, the missionary and the government
employee.
Such playground equipment as we have is in almost constant use
and is being added to from year to year as funds permit. The girls
have teeters, swings and slides, and almost every evening when
weather permits, the teachers assemble the girls on the lawr. and
teach them to play games. It is one of the best features of the
school-- this supervised play. These children, as they come
from the camp, have no idea of play and when the idea once enters
their heads, they play games enthusiastically and to hear them sing
and see them dance and otherwise enjoy themselves during these hours of
supervised play is very gratifying.'
lence and otnes enthusiast when the i they come
The government school must necessarily be continued for many
years to come if the Ilavejos are to receive any education. The
reservation is of the closed type and must necessarily continue to
be. Aside from traders, missionaries, oil operators, and govem
ment employees, it supports no white people. Other than this
there is no point of contact. Until public schools can be estab
lished on the reservation, the government school will be the only
hope of the Hava jo, and the prospect of this is very remote.
- 15
