ARTS AND CRAFTS BUILDING
This building is located on the north end of the campus and
houses the Arts and Crafts department and some of the Vocational
classes, namely, silversmithing, weaving, cabinet making, and
ombroidery.
The large room in the center of the building is used as an
office and display room. Here are large show cases and racks for
displaying the silver work, pictures and weaving that has been
done by the students. The picture over the caption" Student fro
duction- Arts& Crafts show some of our students displaying their
finished products to Mrs. J. W. Thompson, in charge of the sales
department.
INSTRUCTION
The instructors for the various departments are: Mrs. Lee,
Mrs. Kendricks, Mr. Spruce, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Watson, Director of
the Arts and Crafts program.
Four types of programs are carried on in this department. The
first is educational projects for beginners. In these projects boys
and girls learn how to use tools and produce simpleitems. In
the institutional projects, things which are used about school are
made. The last is the outside works orders which come in from those
who wish some special work done On all outside projects completed
by the student producing the item receives a percentage on the sale
of the article. In this way the students earn' while they learn.
Our main purpose is to teach the boys and girls to learn a trade or
a craft which will be useful to themm all their lites.
STUDI',
See the picture section for our art studio, one of the busiest
places on our campus: Mrs. Juen Montêya is the instructor in this
building. Her students and those from arts and crafts together have
filled many orders, the source of which reflect much credit on the
reputation of this department.
During the past year some of these orders were: bellows for a
Connecticut, Aztec headdresses for use at the Suo Bowl parède kast
Christmas, block printing of 100 Christmas cards for the Veterans
Hospital, place cards and nut cups for the National Congress of
American Indians banquet.
Class programs, parties, ar other activities receive willing
and beautiful help from the students of this department under the
guiding hand of their able teacher, Mrs. Montoya. Our school,
påper has been greatly enriched because of the very attractive
tovers produced by students in block printing and silk screen.
In the picture section you will see our auditorium stage as it
appeared in our Christmas paay" Why the Chimes Rang". Note the beau
tiful window above the altar, a product of students in this depart
mente Turn to the pictures, making Window for" Why the Chimes Rang",
" Making Headdresses for Sun Bowl Farade", and Christmas Lights and
you will agree that this department has many and sundry calls upon its
talents. Under the picture, Making Windows you will note Flows Yazzie
and her instructor, Mrs. Hendricks. Flora is at work on her loom.
Pirn to our last page of pictures and you will see the head of
arts and crafts demonstrating the Aztec headdress which he is prepar
ing to send by air- freight, in response to orders from the El Paso firm.
ºn this page alse you will see our Tequayo art editor working
under the supervision of her instructor, Mrs. Montoya producing the
cover page of yur Christmas Tequayo issue. Guess who in the center
under Arts and Crafts? Alºt speaks to art.
28.
