T
1
( 21)
By this I mean that schools ON THE RANGE, where he can look
up from his primer and smell the cattle and sheep, are the
hope drifting stock improvement into the semi- consciousness
of the Indian pupil.
As to other industries, the Hopi and Navajo have already
all the industries necessary to their well- being. Foreign
theories only mean waste of the Hopi and Navajo future.
They have their patches, fields and terraced gardens; they
have their cattle, sheep, goats and horses; they will continue
to weave blankets, baskets and other woven curios, make pottery
and silverwaro, just so long as there continues a demand for
these things and they are inclined to do so because of the
between- seasons need for loose change. The recent high prices
offered for wool seriously affected blanket weaving, and just
so soon as the Indian of either tribe can make sufficient money
from livestock, he will drop all interest in these Harvey House
fal- lad ales. That's all they are," circus souvenirs."
And no one knows it better than do the Indians themselves.
When an Indian can do as did Albert Naha, a Hopi of First Mesa,
this recent cattle- selling season( October 1917),-- clean up
$ 6,320.00 in one sale of stock( cattle), he wili sniff at the
fellow who puddles pottery.
Therefore I do not recommend the introduction of new affairs,
enterprises, etc. The Indian requires time and patience in
which to develop what he already has.
Better jurisdiction of this whole matter could be had, and will
be obtained, just so soon as the Service can place at the
disposal of the Superintendent a competent corps of range men
to watch, advise, and generally supervise the stock features.
It is thought that the remainder of Circular 1106 and
its supplement treat of matters inapplicable to this Moqui
Reservation.
This report has been unavoidably delayed owing to lack
of office help. There are two positions vacant and have been
for months. There has been no stenographer at hand since
May 1917, a period of seven months;
and no property clerk
of clerical experience since July 2. Under such circumstances,
all correspondence, routine reports, etc. have fallen on the
Superintendent, since the one clerk at hana tias been covered- up
by the accounts and new accounting system
Respectf 4147.
November 1917.
Superintendent.
an
