Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agency
thus employed, a very large percentage please their employers.
The outlook for the girl graduates is not so hopeful. They
can easily secure employment as domestics in some of the neigh
boring towns, but this life has no future and ultimately they re
turn to the reservation and become one of the tribe, almost indis
tinguishable from the rest of the women except that as a rule they
are poorer in this worla' s goods as a result of the years spent
off the reservation,
There are no mission or contract schools under the control of
this jurisdiction. The only mission school we are associated with
is the Navajo Industrial School, located near Farmington, New Mexico,
owned by the Methodist Churoh and operated very efficiently by Mr.
James Odel. This school has a capacity of one hundred and is full
to capacity throughout the year. About one half of the pupils
come from this jurisdiction. The other half come irom the Eastern
Nava jo.
The Navajos are a sober, industrious, law abiding, moral people
and progressive to a marked degree, iſ by progressiveness we imply
the ability to care for themselves, multiply and accumulate under
very adverse conditions.
There are almost no children of school age out of school on
this jurisdiction. Last summer the entire vacation period was de
voted by the district farmers to a thorough canvass of the jurisdiction.
Every family was visited and every child that could be located
was placed in school, unless to do so would tend to impoverish the
family.
We have found no incorrigible pupils.
The course of study is being followed, Outlines for in
struction have been made by the teachers. The school room equip
ment is good, and the advancement or progress made by pupils is
exceptionally good when one considers that so many of them are
in school but a half of each day. I have seen no textbooks that
in my opinion are better than those on the authorized list.
The boys receive instruction and actual training in gardening,
farming, carpentering, blacksmithing, dairying, care of hogs, hor
ses, cattle, poultry, care of boilers and firing. The girls re
ceive instruction and training in sewing, mending, laundering, can
ning, drying and preserving of vegetables and fruits, cardine, spin
ning, dyeing and weaving. Last summer, over 1, 000 bushels of
peaches were produced at the San Juan Sohool and possibly one- fourth
that amount at the Toadlena School. Large quantities of these
peaches were canned, dried, or created into peach butter. Over
five hundred gallons of peach butter were made at the San Juan
- 13
