STATTU
AIRBTMLHT20 TMNTRAS
4.
Jicarilla Indian Agency
Section 4
Industries
of their flocks. The supply of high grade rams is always suffie-
ient to meet the needs and from the tribal herd of cattle we sell
bulls to the Indians sufficient to meet their needs for breeding
purposes.
From the sale of lambs last year from the individual flocks of
Indians, more than$ 45,000.00 was realized. Their wool clip this
year brought them approximately$ 24,000.00 which is a further en
couragement to their industry. With probably 6,000 lambs to go
on the market this fall from their flocks, they will be assured
of sufficient funds to carry them thru the winter. All except
a few of the old Indians on this reservation are self- supporting.
The tribal herd of cattle consists of 1200 head mostly cows and
heifers. From this herd approximately$ 22,000.00 worth of cattle
were sold last fall. It is contemplated to make further sales
this fall and reduce the herd and move them to ano ther range
giving over the present cattle range for the use of sheep. Be
fore this herd can be moved, it is planned to purchase homestead
land belonging to Mr. Neill B. Field upon which is located a
house, barns and corrals which can be used as head quarters for
this indus try. For many years only pure bred sires have been
used and we have at the present time one of the best quality herds
of cattle in the San Juan basin. Thirty bulls from this herd
were furnished the Northern Navajo jurisdiction during the year.
The purchase of 2000 head of high grade yearling ewes this spring
to supplement our tribal flock, increases the number of tribal
sheep to approximately 3000 head of breeding ewes. The animals
purchased were already sheared and no wool clip was available
for the Agency this spring. In addition to the tribal flook of
ewes, we maintain a tribal flock of rams numbering approximately
350.
Many of these animals will be sold to Indians this fall
for the up- building of their flocks. The wool clip was sold in
June and brought approximately$ 8,000.00.
Conditions on this reservation on the whole are not favorable
for carrying on the dairy industry. Indians with their flocks
which require constant care and range conditions necessitates
their moving from place to place precludes any hope of establish
ing them permanently in the dairy industry. A few Indian families
have dairy cows and many of them milk goats.
A pure bred herd of Holstein cows is kept at the Sanatorium.
This
