2009
Abby Tenorio San Felipe
Well we did it Seniors!! I would like to thank my parents.
My mom OMG! Thanks for everything that you' ve done for
me. Dad thanks for always pushing me to do better! I love
you mommy and daddy! To my brother thanks for always
being there. Luff ya. To the teachers& dorm staff, thanks
for all the knowledge and special times. To my friends
Korina, Mitz, D, Mook, Grag, Avery, Trist, Krissy, and
many more I want to thank ya' ll for making my high school
the most memorable moments. To my homie Garrick
Gauchpin RIP I love and miss you. To the underclassmen
work hard and good luck. CLASS OF 2009 BABY!
D' Yonni Tenorio San Felipe Pueblo
Being here at SFIS for 6 years has made me realize the potential I have to come this
far. I wouldn' t have done it without my educators, my teachers, and advisors. I thank
my teachers' who have taught me the skills to be successful in life and taught me the
valuable lesson of never giving up and having faith, I thank you. To my parents who
have pushed me to do the best that I can be and to never ley anything get in my way.
They have always been on my case when i would slack off and I thank them for that. If
it wasn' t for them I would be living the life I wasn' t meant to live, for that I say thank
you. To my guardian angel, Greg, I thank you for helping me realize my importance in
life and guiding me to the right path, I thank you and love you for that. To the CBE
class, Lu, Dennis, Shalome, Bea, Dylan, Kayla, Erica, Erica' s friend( Dion), and
Erica' s other friend( Christina). LOL I thank you guys for all the laughs and crazy
wacky times on our" ADVENTURES." We stuck it out through the long lectures and
the parties. I will miss allya' ll and you made my afternoon, you guys know how to make
me laugh. Last but not least, Abby, Korina, Mitz,& the class of 2009. I thank you all
for the crazy times we have had since we met, we sure know how to make a year
memorable and make it last a lifetime. Never give up and stive for what you want. To
the underclassmen, keep up with your studies and never let anyone underestimate you;
use criticism they give you to prove them, wrong. Finally I can say I finshed an ending
to a chapter in life and now I am on my way to start a new one.
Jerrilyn Thomas
Samantha Thomas Laguna Pueblo
To my beautiful friends: Ba- rad, iddy, Tiff, Lace, Eyaa, Lu- wu, and
Castia. Thanks for making my high school years crazy, fun, and
memorable. You helped me through thick and thin and we have been
through hell, but we made it through with smiles. No one in this world can
ever replace the friends that we have. It makes me happy to know that we
will always be friends. I luv ya guys! And to the rest of the class of 2009,
Thanks for the great times, all the laughs, and smiles. I will remember
them forever. Good luck, and continue to show the world that the class of
2009 is forever." Love, Peace,& Your forehead grease!"
31
