SFIS YEARBOOK 2011- 2012Since attending the Santa Fe Indian School for six years, I have learned a lot. I' d like to give thanks toall my teachers I' ve had since the seventh grade. Thank you for guiding me through to this very day.I would like to thank my parents Owen and Lenore Cheykaychi as well, for always reminding me thateducation is very crucial and that it comes first. To my older sister Jylissa, even though I' ve never saidit, thank you for inspiring me to do my best and setting a good example.Class, we' re finally graduating! Now it' s time to open a new chapter in our lives with the peoplewe love and care about, especially to succeed in our dream goals. Best wishes guys, and take this intoconsideration:" It' s not the load that breaks you down; it' s how you carry it."( Lena Horne) Lastly, tothe lower classman: try your hardest to get through to finally be independent. We are the future, solet' s make a great one!Kadesha CheykaychiWell this is the time in our life where we will go off on our separate paths. Take a breath andreflect on what we' ve been through: from first meeting one another, to sitting next together in class,and to" helping" each other on homework, we have made it through friendships, high school loves,break- ups, fights, secrets, and all the other small things that have either lasted or faded away. Don' tdwell on these memories, but learn and use them to guide and encourage you to learn and use themto guide you to create your future. Congratulations Class of 2012!Thank you to my family, my friends, my girls in Pod D, my peers, and my teachers for everything. Thank you to my wonderful, beautiful, funny, crazy, and amazing friends: Antoinette, Lucinda,Ryan, and Aliyah. I want to thank you for always being there for me, for all the fun times we' veshared and just being my friends. I love you guys and will truly miss you! A special thanks to Antoin, my sister. We' vebeen friends for what seems forever and now that we are about to go our separate ways, I have cherished our memoriesso much more. Thank you.- Casandra CorizFirst and foremost I would like to thank my FAMILY! Without them I wouldn' t have had themotivation to continue and be all that I could be throughout my high school years. Mom,Dad, Frances, Nicole, Tony, Donovan, Aaron, Ari, Aanor, Ashlynn, Aaden, and Devon, thankyou for giving advice, tutoring me, inspiring me and for never giving up. I am forever grateful for all that you guys do. Thank you to my cousin Hallie for being by my side, helping mein my time in need and always bringing a smile to my face. The style of teaching is unlike anyother so thank you to all the teachers that guided and encouraged me to succeed. I' ve takeneveryone and everything I experienced at SFIS as a lesson. To those who have been my bestfriends since the day we met, I thank you for always being there and making our times hereat school less of a prison. I will never forget the hilarious times we had and struggles we faced together thatonly made our friendship stronger. SFIS, thanks for the memories!-JeanetteDe DiosWow! We did it class of 2012! First of all I' d like to thank my mother and father for helping me makeit this far in life and for taking my education into their hands and pushing me to do my best. I loveyou guys. I' d like to thank my grandfather Alfred Chavez, for always being there for me and teaching me to be a great person. I will always follow his wise words of wisdom. “ Do your best, and makesomething of yourself in this world. ” I could never make it this far without him. To my grandfatherSimon Cata, thank you for teaching me my native ways of life and supporting me in school. You willbe missed. I love you. Lastly, Id liked to thank my Ke' ma' s Leala, Allayne, Jasmine, Francesca, and Aisha for helping me make it through my senior year. Love you guys. Thanks to my sisters Marissa andRickie, best friend Cameron, love you guys and stay in school. To my girlies Dolores, Jamie, and Kae, Ilove you guys. Also to my whole family who has supported me throughout my whole life, I love eachand every one of you.Devonnna Edmounds2011- 2012 89