ANNUAL REPORT 1929.Mt. Pleasant Indian School,Mt. Pleasant, Mi chi gan.Section 3----- Schools.Mt. Pleasant, Michigan has in addition to the public school a largeCatholic Parochial school and a State Teachers' College. Therelations existing between the schools of the city and the Indianschool are very pleasant. This school is especially fortunatein being able to call upon the Faculty of the Teachers' Collegefor talks to the school.While there are no figure statistics available it is very probablethat 95% of children of school age in this state are in reach ofpublic school. The Mt. Pleasant school is not established and maintained for the reason that school facilities are not availablefor the Indian children of the State, but to take care of theorphans and unfortunate children who for various reasons have nohome.fortunate cn the State, buttes are not red and mainThe school plant is in- need of more money for general repairs thanhas been given in the past. When it is considered that some of thebuildings on the school grounds have been in use for thirty years ormore it can readily be seen that considerable money is necessary tokeep the plant in the best of condition. At the present time thesewing room is quarted in the small boys' dormatory. The men dingfor the entire school plant is done in one room in the large girls'dormitory. The domestic science building is now too small to takecare of the classes in cooking, sewing, etc. The building wherethis department is housed was built at a time when the capacity ofthe school was very much smaller than it is today. A domesticart building should be built, where all of the domestic art departmentscan be housed. The sewi ng room, laundry, domestic science Workcould then be put under one roof and it would be more convenientand better Work would be done than under the present conditions,Benerally feed. not be incaThe amount of land belonging to the school is 320 acres. This is notlarge enough and additional land should be purchased. There is landadjoining this school which could be bought and it would be advisableto purchase at least 160 acres additional. At the present time ourherd of cattle cannot be increased on account of it being necessaryto buy more feed. Even with our present number of cattle it isgenerally necessary to purchase hay or make arrangements to pastureoff of the school land,One of the matters ne eding attention is qua rters for employees. Itis necessary to have our employees room in the dorma tori es which isa very poor arrangement. This practice takes rooms belonging to thechildren and causes overcrowding in the dormatories. It is alsovery unfortunate to the employees. Our present employees' buildingshould be enlarged to take care of more employees and to give thema suitable place for a dining room. It became necessary this lastnear to have eight employees occupy four rooms. Two employees toa ro om does not make for contentment.OneofthepropetohaveouromnispracticVery poor to be ne edino