Darrylinn Martinez: First of all I would like to thank my mom and dad for always pushing
me to succeed in my education and helping me out in everything that made me where I am
today, and to my sisters Dar& Fran thanks for encouraging me to stay in school and to
behave and the great advice, and also my grandma “ J ” thanks for helping me out in whatever
I needed I love you guys. All I got to say to the underclassmen is take it easy and make the
best of your last years here at SFIS. Later I' m out. SENIORS 2006 BABY
Annette Mitchell: I thank my teachers that I had throughout my high school years here at SFIS. To
the underclassmen good luck throughout your high school years enjoy it while it lasts!! To the girls I
chill with... thanks for everything: Talia thanks for being there for me!! To mom and dad thank you for
everything. To the rest of my family thanks for everything, without all of you I wouldn' t be here where
I' m at now. To the class of 2006. YEA WE DID IT!!! Congrats and good luck to all of you in what
you do in the future.
Erlene Pacheco: I' d like to thank my family for all the luv and support, I luv you all! To all my
teachers, thanks for all the knowledge that will last a lifetime! To my friends Giz, Shorts, Ca- J,
FroFurious, Lizard, Liz, Kev, Emily, Jon, Jenny, Janine, Age and all those I failed to mention thanks
for making this one crazy adventure. To the class of 2k6, good luck in the future. “ I always knew that
looking back on the past would make me laugh, but I never knew that looking back on the laughs
would make me cry. ” Peace and love!
April Pasqual: First of all to my parents I love you and I' ll always be your baby. To the rest of my
family I love you. To my loved ones that passed thanks 4 watchin me and keepin me safe. To my sis,
bro and Charlie thanks 4 helpin me out. To my friends Dye, Tonya, Squee, Manda and the rest of the
peeps I talked to thanks 4 the laughs. To my cousins you' re almost done. To staff thanks. Finally to
the class of ‘ 06' we made it.
Josh Peynetsa: First of all, I want to congratulate the CLASS OF 2006!!!! We made it!!! I want to
give a BIG thanks to my family, especially my parents for always encouraging me to do my best and
supporting everything that I do! I couldn' t have done it without you!!! I love you all! To all my friends,
thanks for the everyday laughs we had! I hope that you continue your success and keep in touch! I
want to say to all, “ life is an open door of opportunities, make them worth while and have no
regrets!!! ” LATERS!
Jessica Platero: First of all I would like to thank my teachers, I had for these past 2 years. As for
my fellow schoolmates, umm good luck I wish you all the best. I wanna give a special thanks to my
family and friends. But most of all a special thank you to Mr. Kambeitz, for all the munchies! To the
underclassmen, learn all that you can, try not to give your teachers a heart attack, just do your work,
if you do this you' ll be the badest, coolest, NERD! As for us SENIORS, CONGRATS FROM
SPAZY!
Giselle Quiver: “ I was determined to learn beans. ”- Walden And that' s just what I did!!! I just
want to thank my family and friends as well as my teachers for helping me get where I am. Good luck
to all the sports people keep it up, and join soccer. Jk I would also like to thank the dorm staff for
putting up with me, and taking care of me. Underclassmen keep your head up and before you know
it, it will all be over so enjoy it while it lasts. Last but not least congratulations to the class of 2006 WE
DID IT!
102
