Annual Report,
1926.
San Juan Agency
Work of this character
The long needed hospital seems at ast
about to neterialize. The cottage that the Hon.
H. J. Hagernen built for himself at Toadena,
when he was Commissioner to the Navajo Tribe
was turned over to the school, slightly re
modeled, wired and connected with the school
electric system. The heating plant that had
be en in us e in the principal' s cottage was re
moved iron that cottage and installed in the
Hagerman cottage, and the principal moved his
family into these new quarters about April
first
. Then the work of remodeling the cottage
formerly occupied by the principal was under
taken, an addition was built to the rear, porches
were added, and& suitable heating plant purchased.
The work of remodeling this cottage is not as
yet completed and will not be this year as the
funds were exhausted. I understand it is estina
ted that it will cost about$ 1000 to complete
the work. This hospital will be a great adven
tage in our work so far as school children is
concerned but will be wholly inadequate for the
demands and requirements of the reservation
adjacent to the Toadlona School, y experience
leads ne to say that there are a large number
on the reservEtion that need hospital treatment
who are both willing and anxious for medical
and surgical attention
No steps he ve been taken to handle the
tuberculosis of the reservation, except in so
far as the physician has been able to give
treatment in the Indian hone and in taking
patients to the sanitoria at Fort Defiance
Laguna, and Phoenix
During the present year Dr. A. M. Wiggles
worth, special physician, treated many cases
of trachona on the reservation. He was operating
around Toadlena, during July, August, and part
of September. He had planned to go from here
to Red Rocks, and from there to Aneth, but un
fortunately he left the Service in September
and the work was dropped. He had previously
treated the school children, this was in Dec em
ber 1924. This treatment of school children has
been vigorously followed up and the disease is
now under thorough control in the school.
