- 3-
at Zuni, a missionary who has charge of the returned stuüents and
who does work among the adults; a male principal teacher and three
WOmen helpers in the school. In addition to this force there is a
missionary stationeâ near the sanatorium school who works with the
school pupils there.
Very few of the Zuni Indians indulge in intoxicating liquor.
We have a few Mexican mixed breeds who indulge periodically but.
their drinking is generally done away from the reservation.
Very little liquor is introduced on the reservation except at
the time of their annual fiesta, during the month of December, when
some trouble is experienced by the Navajo Indians bringing in li
quor. At this time the entire Agency force is used as Law and Ord
er ofricers, and in this way the liquor offender is generally cap
tured before trouble results.
. It would not be airficult for these Inüians to procure liquor
OTI T. Le reservation as bootlegging is going on all around here. At
Two Wells, northwest of the reservation, at Whitewater, between this
place anä Gallup, and in the Ramah country, whicin joins the reserva
Tion on the east, liquor is peddled and sold to anyone who wishes
to obtain it. wifle Gallup, our trading point, has the reputation
of being the' wëttest town in the state.
SO
The State authorities have never been asked to cooperate in
suppressing the liquor traffic for Tie reason that their cooperation
has never been needed here. At the time of the annual riesta tne
Federal suppression officers at Albuquerque have been very helpful
in Turnishing a deputy for assisting the Agency force in handling
the liquor situation.
These Indians do not use peyote or mescal, and it is not known
if the whites in this vicinity indulge in the se drugs.
There is surricient legislation, both state and federal, to
handle the liquor situation iſ the se laws were properly enforced.
I have no suggestions to OTTer with reference to handling the
liquor problem farther than to state that honest, conscientious of
ficials are needed who would be paid a sufficient salary that they
would not need graft from the bootlegger, as without doubt they are
non doing.
The Zuni Indians have never been users of intoxicants and the
prohibition laws have had but little erfect upon them.
