Ica4.our limited force. Mr. and Mrs. Davis were transferred toSan Carlos in January and I sent carpenter A. B. Skelton outto assume charge. Soon after I sent Mrs. Skelton out ascook. Since then Mr. Skelton has been appointed to the position of Principal. He is raising a fine garden, put outsome orchard trees and moved others, has built fences, repaired buildings, and done carpenter work on the laundry building:Annexes to the two dormitories and a sewer and watersystem are under construction now. This will be a nice littleplant when this work is done. The water here is excellent.the drawback is the lack of available land for farm use. Agood sized garden is all we can get out of the fourteen acres.By another year we expect to clear some land up near the sawmill and raise some potatoes and hay. A shop building is neededhere. We also need another school room where another teachercan work. It is obvious that one teacher can not do justiceto eighty five children, even when divided into two sections.Strictly speaking, we have no graduates. In the past, the industrial side of the work was emphasized to the detriment ofthe academic and pupils were retained in the school until theywere men and women. When my immediate predecessor assumedcharge he didmissed all of these pupils and began taking inyounger pupile, and the work of grading the work of gradingthe school. I have continued this policy and endeavored togive the academio side of the work equal stand ing with the industrial. In time it will be possible to have classes whichwill complete the course and graduate. Considerable progresswas made along these lines during the present year. In factwe had the best sohool year I have had at any time or placemost of the credit for this condition being due the principal,who is a real school man.There are no mission or contract schools under my control. The Methodist Mission School at Farmington is whollyindependent of us and is not even on the reservation. It isdoing good work.With respect to morality, the Navajo Indian is the superior of any other with which I have been associated. This doesnot mean that they are free from all bad practices. They gamble, there are a good many cases of plural marriages, and the reare girls who can not tell just who is the father of theirchildren. Still, all of these children are full blood Navajos.15.