Page 30TEQU A YODINING ROOMCORN FLOWER MAIDEN AND BLUE CORN MAIDENA Legendtheir song of thanks to the Great Spirit for takOnce upon a time there lived just across the ing care of them and their flock during the day.river from San Ildefonso, Corn Flower Maiden Such was the sight that the people of the viland her sister Blue Corn Maiden. They owned lage strained their eyes each evening to see.a flock of turkeys which they took out over the Than everything was silent except the sobbingmountains every day before the sun awoke the of the water and the hooting of the old andsleeping flowers, to get their daily meals of young owls.wild berries. At noon while the turkeys were At the first crow of the rooster the maidensresting in the shade of the big tall pine trees, were up, they combed their long, black hairCorn Flower Maiden and her sister shared with home- made combs made of brush and tiedtheir lunch of home- made cookies. Toward eve- together with yucca. They rolled their matning, when the sky was crimson with the set- tresses and afterward went to the river to washting of the sun, and the birds were flying to and give thanks to the Great Spirit for histheir nests, the maidens would return to their watch through the night.beloved ones again.As usual, after eating their breakfast theyHere and there could be seen the Indian prepared lunch for their mid- day meal and bymen, women, and children on their housetops this time the noisy gobblers could be heard aswaiting eagerly for the arrival of the maidens if to say, “ Why are you late? ” and soon theand their flocks. At last over the mountains maidens with their flock would be on their waywould be seen the turkeys, and close behind again into the mountains for their daily grathem the two sisters in their gay colored man- ing. Once in a while they would glance at thetles, their hair neatly tied back, and their white village, but all they saw was the slow risingboots carefully wrapped, waving their sticks of the smoke from the chimneys, which showedover their heads and shouting a word or two at that the people were just getting up. On thethe noisy gobblers, who with tails upright, and mountain tops could be seen the first ray ofwings sweeping the ground, looked as if ther light from the sun. On and on they traveledwere scolding the hens for going too fast, since until well into the mountains and then theythe gobblers are considered lazy and slow sat down to rest. Soon, out of the darkestwalkers. Here and there the frightened birds part of the forest they saw a spirit appear, atwould fly from their nests in the bushes, but last it spoke to them, “ Fair maidens, I haveyou know birds are wise and think as you and come to take you to your father and mother,I, and the jackrabbit frightened from his slum- do you wish to come? ” The maidens hesiber and warm bed, took three or four big jumps tated a moment and then consented to go.and then sat upright on his hind legs, his ears That afternoon the people of the villagestraight up and his head tipped first on one waited in vain for the return of the maidensside and then on the other, but he decided to and their flock, and wondered what had becomegive the turkeys another chance and hopped of them. Soon they learned not to look anyaway to find another bed. A short distance longer for them but their turkeys now roam thefrom their home the girls would begin to sing mountains for the Indians to hunt today.or two case of the' smut all they