5 KONONVIZO OKLEV JEWLETTVALEDICTORYHonorable superintendent, employees, and friends, to you I bring the message offarewell from the class of 1937.OUToday as our class meets for the last time we are confident that whatever ourlives may be in the future, we shall face that future with heads held high. We standon the threshhold of a battle — the battle of life. Up to the present time our lives have beenmade easier by our parents, and our friends here at school. Now, the realization thatwe are to leave the Albuquerque Indian School comes to us with awful suddeness.Perhaps for many of us this will be the last day of school life we shall ever know. Weshall miss the love, training and guidance we have had here, but though our paths sever,we take much with us.To this battle of life we bring love of our fellow man, fine training in our variedvocations and academic studies, and the will to conquer our own problems. We havebeen taught the fundamentals of correct living. Now, it is our fight and our missionto make good use of them every day we live.Classmates, we shall find the world about us not always kind, not always eagerto lend a helping hand. It is a world that at times will send our dreams and idealscrumbling about us. It is well, for we find that through the years our troubles and ourconquering of them make us better men and women. Let us not shirk our responsibilities of life. Whatever comes, we must adjust our lives accordingly.To our superintendent, I extend the heartiest congratulations for the way he hashandled the school during the comparatively short time he has been here. We envyour younger brothers and sisters being under the leadership of such an interesting andbrilliant man who has the interest of the Indians at heart.To our teachers and advisers, we express gratitude for guiding' us over the roughroads.Your faith and sometimesTo our parents and friends, we extend sincere thanks.your gentle prodding kept us here.We now bid farewell to a most pleasant chapter of our lives. We shall prove thatthose things we learned at Albuquerque Indian School have not been learned in vain.JOHNNIE JOJOLA, Isleta1240 1937110Page Forty- one