SECTION IIIHEALTHSeptember oves me sixteen months of valuable informationamong the Zuni tribe in regard to their physical heal th, modesof living, needs, a to.As a physician I an ever alortto any factor, or factors,which bear relationship to their health and necessarily, becauseof the naturo of my training, work, and contact, noticemanythings which a lay person would notIn this brief thesis 1 shall limit my discourse to broadstatements pertaining to medical tindings, During the past year,I have noted the commoner diseases among this tribe and they aregiven here in their order of frequency as follows:l. Malnutrition, especially among infantsskin diseases3. Diseases or the respiratory tract, such as bronchitis,tonsillitis, laryngitis and pneumonia4. Dysentery and other gas tro- intestinal diseases5. Diseases of the eye ſna ea:6. Tuberoulosis, both glandular and pulmonary." The greatest more tal1ty occurring during any year, as recor iswill show, is among in an ts and youngsters under three years ofage. A too large percentage of new borns are st1ll births. Thereason for this is obvious as pract. Gelly ll confineLients areattended by Zuni medicine men or women. The Service aoctor and11eld nurse do not see many of the babies when sickness beginsbut usually only after their own medioire men have tried theirrecaedies and the sick one is doomed to die. reventative andoura ivo PenBures, in cases or malnutrition among the babies,areIn re cases oarried out because of ignorance, indifference andlaziness on the part oT the Indian parents. It is" too much work"for many Indians to go one scuere to fetch free milk for an alling babyTmpetigo, e skin disease, cormonly known as a disease ofr11th, is widespread among school children. The Zund childrenhave too many diseased dogs and cats as indoor playmates--a condition which could be corrested. It is not unusual for the11eld nurse to spend her entire morning treating and dressingBay sixty cases of impetigo. Pre- school children with inve tigoare not brought to the disponsory for treatment but must be roadthe subject of a home visit by the fielause. This is truetoo, for other minor affections among the children as well as