O
O
Section N.( Education)
Bodinning programs in mual education and vocational quidame. han
been introduced in the Eastern lanjo sahool. Alo, a start has been
made in studying the correlation of instrutia la robool moans and
donut tortor. Romover, at the present in wa o not ready to make any
dofialto detailed report on this work. A soport of the Ma Ildatu ia
anak mudo is u follows:
Kindergartea: A deck of the instruetion was made by a san of
aral objectiu taots. An ind nidual achierant record of words Lourmod
ma kopt. Learning was aded by use of pietur. diotionary aharts. The
begon mer ut sohool orientation, health, nonnors, conduet, and
Nadia Weatary, ad duplo noben plays, emo, pietro, folk
songo, ad starlo, visual education, notivity unito, nakool lumel, a
euratom, taking part sa nakool praga, oto. A Rocoarah in Curioulon
( Vocabulary)" w carried on. The purpose of this study was to dis
Gover the rato childru loga a ner language.
Trung tiens Somo pupils leaving the doorgarten are too young
to at lato first grado mococcally. Therefore, a pocial first gode
roou 1. maiateaed to care for these pupile. In this roam the work
started in the badeparten 1. scried an end daborated. he vocabulary
i. Inoroused by mab the monothods as in the dwergarta. Reading
charts an prepared, based ou children's interneto nd notivities.
Mosbars and money we studied throud stor it.
mint Crado( Thro. Seotions) the touching wus based nautly on the
notivity method. The principal du ws fro. ond oprsnan. This
motivated by conversation based on the dilamua's emporimon and in
tarosts. The pupils were introdnood to some experience. common to alto
children. mio motivity progu mphaddsod wooid studies. Be wote
inte var nok that the helped the childree to understand and adapt
thelves to their envirovat, and do broade their comooption of the
outside world. The stivities par tad nerual setivity, allowed for
individual offenenos, introduced • Yerlot of fasts. They led to
co- operation and proper attitrades toward other children, anlarged sponk.
ing woabulary, bottor manners, conduet, elegaliness, oto.
Second Grado( Two Scotton) A. Hot a moh motivity touching sa
this made us in the lower ones. This was due to the conservativo typ
of teacher assied to this gude. However, this teacher donelops the
we of Engi0, reading, heelt, hanbag Hu, and mordedo of the
world in a non formal nenne. B. this olan vas conducted more on the
notivity the Sostia A, but stiu is not umah u la the first and
Indecarte gredos. One outotending thing is dis predo mus the touch
ing of oral man and treat evento hard au pietur. frou won
papers ad magasin. Habere were that through mes, flash cards,
and store nativita. Stadies and pietun sollcotions were made of
people of fonia countedo..
