In planning for this level an effort was made to give work
in accord with the principles of Education as given in the
Curriculum for the Eastern Nana jo School; to give work that
would be a help to the child in his home' environment.
A number of the pupils of this group are well beyond the age
for this level. One reason for this retardation is late entrance.
Timidity and self consciousness make it much more difficult
for such pupils to gain a mastery of English than for younger chil
children.
In planning for this group the need to give work that would
lead to oral expression was ever in mind." Purposeful activities
formed the basis for this work.
As the curriculum is at present tentative the need to care
fully evaluate each step was kept in mind in giving the work
planned.
The following units of work were carried out:
1. A Teaching Unit in cleanliness
2. A Social Science Unit on the Pilgrims
3. A Farm Unit
A Teaching Unit in cleanliness
why this unit was chosen:.( 1)" To develop those cleanliness
habits which will secure and maintain health, happiness, and ef
ficiency to the highest degree." cleanliness Institute, 45 East
17th St, New York;( 2) to give emphasis to the work of house
mothers; to impress upon pupils the need to keep clean; that
cleanliness is not merely something they must
subscribe' to
while in school, but should function in their daily lives in
and out of school.
How this unit developed: This unit is an adaptation of a unit
put out by the" Cleanliness Institute". It is based upon" The
Animal Way" a booklet put out by this institution,
The attractive dress, illustrations, and coloring of the
Animal Way" was the best introduction this unit could have had.
The books were presented to the children; their interest was
immediately enlisted and the unit was launched.
Emphasis was given to the thought that the animals bathed
because they wanted to be clean. Even pigs that most people
consider dirty are clean if we give them a chance. This led to
a discussion of the care of our domestic animals; how we should
take care of our cow barns, sheep folds, etc.
This naturally led to a discussion of our homes; how we may
keep them clean. Some of the things stressed were danger from
flies, need for screens( mosquito net makes a cheap tho effec
tive screen); the need to keep the premises free from trash
should be burned; the need to keep food free from flies and
F. Delay, Teacher
