Sootion III
-Schools( Cont'a).
The Mission Schools under this jumsdiction are doing very good work.
There are thre, Mission Schools on the reservation located at Ganado,
Arizona, St. Michaels, Arizona, and Rehoboth, New Merd oo. They are working
to a good advantage, and are a good influence on the children attending thoir
schools.
The morality of the Indians is very good, as a whole. They are progressing
slowly but surely each year, no difficulty being encountered in filling our
school, and the transfer of pupils to other school..
Of course, there are some children not in school. However, we are enrolling
them more and more each year, but consideration must be given to the fact that
the Navajos have large flocks of sheep and goats, and that some of the childre
must stay at home to help care for them, but where they formerly wanted two
or three of their children to be at home, they are now satisfied to have one
child to help them. When the Charles H. Burke School at Fort Wingate, New
Mexico opens this fall it will take a number of children who are not now in
school.
We do not have any incorrigable children in our schools.
The condition of the returned students is very good. Everything possible
1s being done to help them get a start if they wish to remain on the reservation,
but the majority of them obtain employment at other places. The Santa Fe
Railroad use a good many as they consider them good workmen and are glad to get
them.
The Nava jo schools do not have any graduates at the classroom work goes
only to the fifth grade. The course of study is being followed as closely as
possible by all the teachers, this being insisted upon by the principals of the
school and myself. All teachers make out and keep up their daily outlines of
instructions, this being a matter the principals watch very closely and care
fully. The school room equipment is adequate for our needs at the present time.
The books as on the authorized list are satisfactoty for use in the schools.
The school children are given industrial training each morning before school
commences. The girls are given instmction in sewing, cooking, laundry work,
Care of homes, etc. The boys are given instmction in carpentry, eng ineering,
farming, gardening, blacksmith work, etc. Instructions are given by employees
competent to do it.
The school plants are in very good condition with the exception of some
minor repairs, which are being made as fast as funds are available, and we can
get to them. The plants are weth very well equipped with equipment that can
be made use of to good advantage.
The employees are efficbent and loyal. During the past winter some trouble
was had with two or three employees who did not seem to want to obey the rules
and regulations, but these employees have been dropped and the rest of the
employees are efficient and loyal.
10.
