odod odood food forWell as I am sitting here in this class I wonder if I am goingto pass. I just want to say thanks to everyone who helped mesince my freshman year and up to now. I just want to saythanks to all the teachers who helped me out all the way. Tomy friends... Candida, Juanita, Belinda, My sissy Tee, and ifI forgot someone, you were in my head but I have a limit onwords. Thanks for the laughs and fun times we had together.Last but not least, to the" Class of 2003," we made it this fartogether and let' s see us all together on that day when itcomes. Good luck in the future and whatever you plan to doafter high school. I' ll see you at our 10- year Reunion! PeaceAdrianne CheromiahI have made it to my senior year by working hard. Nothingcomes easy in life. This is only the first step to what we willbecome in life. I had a lot of help along the way. My familyhas been there throughout the good and bad times. To myteachers who called my mom and dad when I wasn' t doingwell in school and pushed me to do my work. I thank you forcaring. To my friends, I' ll remember the good ol' times wehad. Class of 2003! “ There is only one way to succeed inanything, and that is to give it' everything."- VinceLombardi Bobby BearI would like to thank all the people that helped me andencouraged me to do my best. I especially want to thank mysister Jack, Tony balony, Delane, Tennybug, Booger, and allmy pals that made SFIS memorable. I want to thank coachPáúl for being a cool coach and for making me laugh atsoftball practice. I also want to say thanks to Celestina, thenumerator. Last but not least, I want to thank my shima andmy daddy Boogs for encouraging me to do the best I can and tonever give up. Thanks to Joe, my little brother, who kept mesmiling. A great, big, humongous thanks to Tinuts, my bestfriend in the whole world. I love you all; you' re the best family' I could have. Also, to the Class of 2003, best of luck in thefuture, thanks for making my SFIS years the best!' ValerieGrimley“ Life is only moments crammed together. Live life to thefullest and have no regrets. ” Andrew Lawekaod of food a bordo