- 3-
Section III,( continued).
The school
work has been under the charge
of the principals
at the Boarding and Day Schools, the past term. The missionaries
in charge of the two missions have cooperated with the Government
officials and the Day School Inspector
, recently
placed over this
district, Homer L. Morrison, has proven of great assistance
in
our academic work. All schools used the books on the authorized
list, with the exception of the Catholic Mission. An effort will
be made by this mission to secure the authorized list for the
next school term.
The industrial
training in both the Day and Boarding
schools
has been carried
out, the past term, exceptionally
well. At the.
Day School, the principal is the teacher
of manual training, andam
carpentry and other lines and has been quite successful in his
Work. Our carpenter at the Boarding School is especially effi
cient and he has done good work with the boys. Our domestic
science teacher has been handicapped the past term because of
lack of suitable quarters for her work. An adobe building is
being constructed for her use the coming year at the Day School
and she will work, not only with the larger girls at the Day
School, but with the Missions as well and will spend one day of
the week at the Sanatarium School. At the Boarding School, en
gineering and farming have been taught, while the girls have been
instructed in sewing, cooking and laundry work. At the Day School,
pottery making and rug- weaving has been a part of the curriculum,
while sewing and laundry work has been given attention.
The needs for addition to our school plant and Sanatarium
School has been discussed in the preceding paragraph. The em
ployees of the school have been quite efficient and loyal. With
the new quarters being constructed at the Day School, the em
ployees: there will be well provided in the way of quarters. With
a small expenditure, two adobe cottages could be constructed at
the Sanatarium School and this would provide for our employees
there. The schools, both Missions and Day, because of their
location in the Zuni Pueblo, have exerted good among the Indians
living there and, as stated in the preceding paragraph, work is
being done by both the Day School employees and the missionaries
among the older Indians of the village.
Because of the completion of the new assembley hall by the
Protestant Mission, these missionaries have been better abiad to
provide entertainment and do work among the Indians than hereto
fore. There is no sentiment in the intermingling of the races
in this community. While there are but few white people on the
reservation, they are well treated by the Indians and the same
may be said with reference to the treatment of the Indians by
the whites.
- 3-
