Daniel BegayFirst off, I would like to thank my family, especially my mom and dad for always being therefor me. Your encouragement is the reason whyI' m here today. My friends: You made my yearshere worthwhile. Thanks for all the laughs, I' llmiss you guys. My Coaches: You have prepared me for all the challenges the worldawaits me. Thank you. The staff of SFIS: whodeserve all my respect for taking their time tomake me a better person. Thank you verymuch! All under class men: Keep your headsup, it don' t get any easier." Only thestrong survive." Allen Iverson. Last,but not least" THE CLASS OF 2005"Congrats, We finally made it!SFISMJohnathan CalabazaYeeeeeeesss!!! I did, better yet, the class of Lesaida Bird2005 did it. 6 years here will change any typeof person. Even if some have been here forfour years. Thanks to the SFIS staff and theteachers. Everybody from Mr. Rodriguez, forhooking Ojsshh and me up with the" special"chairs in Spanish class, to PHELPS! Youpushed us, we pushed back and now we' rehere, ready to move on. To Coach Rod, whotaught me and others to step- up and keeppushing. Of course Krolak, even though youare not here no more, thx for bugging me tojoin track! To everybody I met at this wackschool, friends and everyone else. To Sam- nShon, yall got out earlier but Ijust had a lil' bit more fun! lastbut not least mah family. My popthe adviser. My mom who alwaysreminded me. My lil' sis andbrothas,( Jme, Stanly, Jakobe)thx!!! aight no mo sappy ish!!!I' m out, we out, the class of' 05'is out!!!Yeesss! First of all I would like to thank the cre- Belinda Charleyator and my family who' ve always encouragedand inspired me. Especially my aunt, DeAlva" BigDee." You' ve graduated from here; you' ve graduatedfrom college, you became my inspiration ever since Iwas small. Your words of wisdom I can' t thank youenough, you still inspire till this day. Mom, grandpa,and grandma thanks for always being there andpushing me for 18 years. To my dad thanks for beinamy best friend. For the past 6 years was a time of alifetime. To my friends we will always be with eachother in our hearts, no doubt about that, especiallyJenny, Kyra, Yvette, Jenae, Jerome, Eric, Amanda," socks"," shorts,"" Elf" and Gavin. You all are thecoolest friends. To my sis, stay focused, and I wouldlike to offer you my locker# 5 with all theknowledge I have obtained. Just keepyour head up and pursue your dreams,love ya dork. To the people who mademe possible, a big thanks to you all,especially you Mrs. Phelps thank youvery much for helping me improve myEnglish a lot. To the coaching staffSFISGrimely, Ed, and Krolak, the threestooges who pushed me to the best ofmy ability. To coach Rod thanks for teaching me theutmost respect, maturity, and responsibility toSFISBenjamin CharleyNicolina CharlieFirst and foremost, I would like to thank my momand my step dad for being there for me throughout the years. Thanks for not giving up on me,thanks for encouraging me to stay in school, todo my work, and to do the best for my future. ILove You Both Very Much. To my brother( Edmund), Thanks for everything you have donefor me, thanks for always being there for mewhen I needed you, and thanks for all the laughsyou brought my way. I Love You and Care ForYou. To my sister, my little brother, and mycousins stay in school, never give up, you guysare almost there. I Love You All and lets sticktogether cause, WE ONLY HAVE EACHOTHER. To my friends Tee, Dana,Jolene, Robynn, and Amanda S. Thanksfor all laughs and crazy times we hadtogether. Best of luck to all of you in thefuture and lets keep in touch. I' ll missyou guys the most. Last but not least tothe Class of 2005 we made it!! Best ofluck in the further to come. And remember" 05" KICKS!!! PEACE, I' m out.To my brother Ben, R. I. P.. WE MADE IT CLASSOF 2005!!!First of all I would like to thank my GrandpaReggie. He was always there when I neededhim and I am thankful for what he has done toprepare my future, and push me to achievegreater things in life. I' ll always Miss You. Thisgoes out to all my friends Nika, Tee, Sophia,Ash, Joser, and my two sisters Tracey andJuana. Thanks for all the good laughs andgood memories. To Nika and my squishythanks for being there when I needed you, andfor all the good times we had together. ForRobert L. even through we have been throughrough times, thanks for being a goodfriend and always making me smile. Ihave saved the best for last, this is formy parents and grandparents. I wouldlike to thank you for believing in meand believing that I can accomplishmany things. Thanks for your support.Here' s to all my SENIORS:" WE DID" 01shoofthewiltoоsioCongratulations to the class of 2005. I wishthe best for everyone in life, especially formy sister, Belinda Charlie and my best friendDaniel Begay. Be all you can be. May yourdreams become a reality. To staff, cooks,teachers, coaches, friends, teammates, relatives, last but not least, my family to knowthat I really appreciate your loving support,guidance, encouragements, knowledge 1gained while attending SFIS, and everythingI shared with you." Thanks a lot" for beingmy side through good and badtimes. Basketball team, continue to play and stay sporty.Fondly, Benjamin Charlie- 2005RathewilandgocotohuSASdisWGumabe:timIT!"ThNatalie ChavezJavin CheykaychiWell here I am six years later saying goodbye to SFIS. Can you believe I have beenhere since seventh grade!! I would first liketo give a big thank you and I love you to myparents, who have done so much for me!love you both. I also want to thank all myteachers up put up with me over my yearshere. To my" Grease Monkey" Javin Coriz,thank you for all that you have done for me ilove you. To my friends thanks for all thememories, and finally to my SENIORS!!!!!!!We did it!! Good luck in everythingthat you do. 2005 4 ever!!!!!!!!!!I have been proud to be a Brave here at SFIS. Iam even excited to graduate from the SFIScommunity. I would like to thank my parentsfor bringing me here and giving me the opportunity to have a great time and the best education. I thank all of you for all your encouragement, support, and advice. Thanks for alwaysbeing there, without the both of you I wouldn' thave made it. To all of my family, my grandparents, uncles, and aunts thanks for every littlething you do for me. To all my friends for making the school years fly. Thank you everyone,keep your heads up, and hope for thebest.Peace from JavinSENIORS! C/ O 2005SFIS