Circular No. 2316
1927
Northern Nava jo Agenoy
to their standard of living. Another doctor and ad
ditional nurses for field duty should be provided and
I think, when funds are available, that a hospital
should be provided solely for the accommodation of re
' servation patients with a ward for the treatment of
tuberculosis patients. This ho spital should be equip-.
ped with X- Ray and adequate laboratory facilities,
When cases of tuberculosis are brought to our notice,
they are whenever possible induced to go to a tuber
cular hospital for treatment, Cases that do not go
are treated as well as possible on the reservation and
instructed as to the method to prevent its spread
among others. When cases of trachoma are brought to
our attention, they are treated in the outdoor dis
pensary and medicine for its treatment given for them
to use at home.
" I have been located here ten months, and I have
my first venereal case to treat.
" Every child was given a complete physical exam
ination on entrance to school and another in mid- term.
All that did not show recent scars were vaccinated.
Every pupil was given toxin antitoxin, and during epi
demics those contracting diseases were isolated as far
as possible. We have no isolation wara, which is very
essential, and we do not have the means of combating
epidemics as we should.
es possible, contractitoxin antirs were ca in mi
Loosess
,
ma
time
in
prevena
Steast
" From July, 1926 to May 1, 1927, there were 563
new patients treated in the hospital which does not
include those carried over at the end of each month.
Three hundred forty six Indians were vaccinated, 8
births at the hospital, 6 deaths, 191 children given
daily trachoma treatment, schools visited each day,
dormitories inspected on each visit, 128 operated on
for trachoma, made 59 calls, handled 4433 dispensary
cases, made sanitary inspection of grounds, buildings,
dairies, etc., at frequent intervals. Children with
impetigo and trachoma were, separated from others as
far as possible in the class rooms and all were in
structed as to the prevention of its spread among
others. All buildings and rooms used for housing con
tagious diseases were fumigated as soon as vacated.
Calls as a rule were at great distances, some times as
far as seventy or eighty miles. Those living nearer
usually reported at the dispensary for treatment un
less very sick.
" It is hard to compare this year' s work with that.
of last as the physician did not keep accurate records
nor did he keep very many. The few I find show five
- 9
