O
ROI ANNUAL NARRATIVE REPORT
1928
Jicarilla Indian Agency
Section I
Law& Order
The Jicarilla Apache Indian Reservation is located in the north
central part of the state of New Mexico. It is irregular in
shape, the Colorado line forming its northem boundary, and
from there it extends approximately 60 miles to the south. It
has an average width of from 12 to 24 miles.
The Agency is located in the northern part of the reservation
about 4 miles from the Colorado state line and is on the Denver
and Rio Grande Western Railroad. The administrative building
consists of a five room adobe house.
This space is ample for
present needs. The Agency employees' houses, generally, are
old and much in need of repairs and with the possible exception
of one or two more cottages for Indian employees, the quarters
are sufficient. There are no other Federal buildings here
which could be utilized.
The personnel consists of 27 employees for general Agency work,
including the field activities, six hospital employees and
eighteen Sanatorium employees. At least two more assistants
are needed at the Sanatorium since the children there are not
able to do any of the work.
No serious crimes or offences have been committed during the
year. In August 1926, Edward Ladd Vicenti was murdered and
Ditsosta De Jesus was taken into custody and his trial was fin
ished on June 29, 1928. The State Court found him guilty of
murder in the second degree and gave him sentence of not less
than sixty years nor more than seventy years in the State Pen
itentiary. We are of the opinion that State and Federal ex
is ting laws are adequate to punish all offences of a serious
nature.
These Indians are not given to excessive dancing. Their annual
flesta takes place on the 13, 14 and 15 of September each year
Hear Stone Lake on this reservation and is attended by all. In
addition to this, a medicine dance is usually held during the
year which comprises the most of their dancing activities. The
annual fiesta is comprised of dancing, foot races, horse races,
etc., and is an event to be remembered by the Indians from year
to year. The medicine dance, often referred to as the" Bear
Dance", is a religious gathering wherein they call upon the
Supreme Being to cast out the devils who are causing sickness
of different members of the tribe, particularly those who are
attending the meeting for treatment. By educating the younger
generation in schools and substituting other recreation, these
dances and ceremonies will in time be eliminated and the policy
of regulation and control is better than to attempt forcible
elimination.
