rere plaintiffs and Daniel Martinez, the Pueblo of Taos and many others were defendants, andwherein said plaintiffs claimed to be the owners in fee simple of more lan an undividedree.quarters interestin the Antonio Martinez grant,lay and sti ieall portions of saidTenoriotract herein involved, and sought to have saidgrant partitioned between said Manby andhers, and also sought to have the he several parties plaintiff and defendant to all por.tions of said gran including said Tenorio tract, determinedand decreed at said Pueblo ofTaos appeared and answered in said sui, and in its said answer averred thatit was the ownerin fee simple of said Tenorio track and other lands as against plaintiffs, ts co- defendants, andall personswhomsoever and prayed that its title to said tract be adjudged good and valid anbe quieted as against any and all he other parties to said suit; that in a by said suit the titleto said Tenorio tract was irectly put in issue as betweenthe Pueblo of Taos and the plaintiffsand all the other defendantstherein; that thereafter evidence was taken, a full hearing was had,on Feb. 21, 1916, a final decree on the merits was handed down and entered by said Courtwherein said Court,among other things, adjudged and decreed that said AntonioMartinez grantwas a good and perfect grant, that allclaimants to anyteres1 erein adverse to plaintiffs adappeared in said sui thaSa court had acquired jurisdictio of them as wel as of the subject matter of said suian with special reference to said Tenorio tract, that he Pueblo of Taosever had adverseOssessio thereof and hal otherwise failed to establis ts alleged le theretoand the cotereup fo1e issues jo led between plai iffs and said Pueblo favor of plainiffs, and found and decreelat eclaim of said Pueblo to said tractor as much th ereof as laywithinsaid Antonio Martinezgrant, being the portion involvedin the present suit, was void and of noforce or effect as agai1st pla. iffs and certain defendantsand interveners, who were found to holdown certain tracts in said Martinez grant and that said Pueblo was not ettitled to any reliefas prayed; and found and decreed thele to said gra includingsaid Tenoriotract, vested inplaintiffs and certain designated defendantsin manner and form as more specifically setforthsaid decree; that on June 6, 1916, exceptions filed to said decree by said Pueblo were overruled a said judgment became final; that thereupon and in due time an appeal to the SupremeCourt of New Mexico from said decisio and decree was prosecutedby said Pueblo, a that sueroceedingswere had herein that, on to- wit: June 14, 1918, a final judgment and decree of salSupreme Court was made and entered in Minute Book G. pp. 276- 7 of he records of said court,wherein and whereby said Supreme Courtmodified the decree of said DistrictCourt and re.versed thatMortio n thereofrelating to said Tenorio tract and the le of said PuebloleretoLatsa judgmentand decree arein words and figures as follows, to- wianFridayJune 14, 1918Pueblo le Taos, AppellaManby, Taos Land Co., et al., Appellees.Appeal from Dist. Ct. Taos Co.This cause having come on to be heard upthe argument of counselande facts a theaw subm ted by1e record atriefs led ine above ecause andleblo of Taosuppearing byts attorney, Fr1cis C.so and A. R. Manby and the Taos Land Co.appellees, byeir attorneys N. B. Laug Esq. and Horace Wrig! Cook Esq., andhe court havingear aidargumer and having consideredsalrecor being fully atisedthe premises, modifies the decree of theIrt dated Feb. 21, 1916, And re.Perses the same in the following parts, to0- w1. The Court findse so- called Miguel Tenorio deereBame having beenexecuted onhe 131 lay of Apri 1818, by Miguel Tenorio, as attorney in fact forMatias and Manuel Martin to the said appellant, Pueblo de Taos, consttuted a goodand sufficientconveyance of thelands described in saiddeed and operatedto convto the said Pueblo de Taos a fee simple title and that thesaid Pueblo de Taos underad by virtue of said deed has from the date thereof hatsuch fee simpleleaccompanied by possessionof the said tract of land as describedsaid deedand