C22- HopiThere is practically no law that is really law on this reservationexcepting as the Federal Statutes care for the major crimes and theNavajos provide in their Court of Indian offenses.The Hopis are great dancers. They have many ceremonies,Some of them are very interesting and of a good character. Otherscan be severely criticized from the white man's view point. Ithink more harm than good would come fron any interference withthese ceremonies at this time. As the Indians progress and separateout into the valleys these dances will gradually get less important.While they dance too much now for their own good, still it is theironly recreation and amusement. The Navajos do not dance as much asthe Hopis. Outside of the introduction of liquor at these dances,from nearby white communities, these Navajo dances are all right.The Navajos get together peacefully, quietly, and earnestly, holdtheir ceremonies and then quickly disperse. While we had anofficer on the grounds giving his full time to this reservation wehad no introduction of liquor. Since this officer was promoted andhas the entire southwest to look after, introduction of liquor isa menace which we cannot overcome without a white chief of police.These dances should be continued for the best interestsof the Indians, but should be properly supervised by the superintendent and a white chief of police, who should attend all of them.Very few of the Navajo children take part in thesedances, especially school children. There is considerable criticismagainst the Hopis for allowing students to take part in theirceremonies, especially those ceremonies occupying most of the night,and held in underground kivas. These children, most of them,participate in these all- night dances to the detriment of theirschool work the next day. I believe this feature of their lifealso has a bad effect on the eyes of the children.The marriage and divorce customs on the Hopi Reservationare practically those established by Indians on other reservations.Some of the younger people, without much encouragement, marryaccording to the laws of our state, but as we have no legal authorityto corapel them to do so a nuraber of the people defy us in ourattempts to have all marriages legal. This attitude is verypronounced among the Hopis. Until we have a law governing this;in other words, forcing them to marry legally, this undesirablecondition will continue. The legally- married people of course haveto be legally separated in the courts of the county.The field matrons and nurses have been a wonderful helpin assisting towards the proper observance of the marriage laws.