0
Hopi 15.
e. On account of inbreeding and unsuitable stallions
their teams are poor, as a usual thing. Ware urging
the killing off of the smallest and poorest horse stock
and the purchasing of horses suitable for hauling
freight, etc. Their stock is too small, too poor and
unsuitable for hauling. They need good horses and fewer
of them. They are horse poor, especially the Navajos and
these poor horses sadly destroy the ranges with no
remuneration to the Indians. The ranges would be better
off if they could be shot. All poor stalions should be
castrated. All mares affected with dourine shouldbe
killed. The horse problem, on this reserve, though, is
gradually getting better each year through the death of
many horses from Loco Weed, which gets more prevalent each
year and which destroys much horse stock.
6. We want all crop fields fenced. This is the most
important need of these Indians at the present time. Both
Tribes must have their crops protected or we can look for
no improvement in farming methods or increased acreage.
Can we not get some way a carload of barbed wire for
this important use?
7. Indians help us without pay on the reservationroads
willingly and do all the work there is done on these
roads or tails. Without their help we would have no
trails or roads.
8. Of course, this country would be a fine country with
plenty of water and the gboatest problem we have is the
water problem. I am a great believer, with Gregory, that
the biggest showing and the most water for the money' can
be gotten through development of seepages or springs,
rather than through wells. Wells are costly and many are
dry holes and the maintenance cost is too high after
you get them-- 80 high, usually, that half of the wind
mills can not be keep in operation through the season of
greatest need to the Indians. any seepages are here to
develop and after they are developed need little care.
Larger impounding reservoirs are need at the wells
now in operation. The year's run off would be ample for
the defelopment of this country if it could only be
impounded and held for use. This can be done with money.
It is the only salvation of this country. With overgrazing,
less vegetation to hold the soil erosion and run offs
are taking the country and always the low and best lands,
many farming acros being washed away each year. We are
encouraging Indians to develop privye springs for their
own use. This helps. We are helping them with dams and
reservoirs on their own lands. More of these are built
each yaer. Can we not have a man visit this reserve to
