NARRATIVE.Section III------ Schools.1. There are no public schools near this school or within reach ofthe Indians of the Leupp jurisdiction.2. This is the only school in this jurisdiction and is of courseentirely inadequate for the needs of a population of at least 1400.So that ab out 70 pupils of school age of a total of about 400 havebeen in reach of school privileges.3. The" New Course of study" is better adapted for the Indian Schoolsthan anything in the State course. It has been very carefully thoughtout and if conscientiously put into practice by the employes willgive the best possible results.4. The industrial work here has been the usual routine of a smallschool. It is particularly not the efficient training that the boysshould have, nor what is contemplated in the pre- vocational trainingset forth in the bew course. In fact it will be very difficult toefficiently carry out the pre- vocational training in the small schoolsin the Service. And there is no longer any reason for small schoolswith their inadequate facilities and high per capita. employe cost.5.( a) The school plant has always been excessively expensive forthe reason that all small schools are expensive, and that is the highper capita cost of employes. This can only be remedied by enlargingthe capacity, and here additional dormitory space is under construction which will give a total capacity of 160. But this will not beav ailable until an assembly hall and school rooms has been built.Estimates for the present year are for 125 and I anticipate nodifficulty in obtaining that number. The contractor is at work onthe enlargment and additions and this work will probably delay somewhat the opening of school next month.This school building has been designated frequently as a" Dormitory"and that is all that it is really fit for. The one building witha central court throws all the activities in intimate contact, a ndwhere this is the case only the one activity should be attempted.Recitation rooms in such a building are never free from noise andinterruptions, as one entry must be on this court. The clatter of thekitchen and the dining room is in the court too, and therefor inthe recitation rooms and everywhere else. But for dormitory purposes alone this style of building could not be bettered. And itshould be used for this purpose exclusively. And furthermore it shouldbe enlarged in capacity by building a separate BINING HALL& KITCHENand by adding an additional story to the main central square aroundthe central COURT. The additiona now under construction includeenlarging the present dining hall by tearing out the south wall anddoubling the original capacity. But the KITCHENis going to be toosmall, and with a bigger range and bigger bake oven,( in the kitchennow but not yet set up) there is not room for a kitchen force toturn round,