D
regardless of race to resist change. Nava jos are satisfied
to do things as their fathers did them. Indian Service empl
oyees, too, are often content to do things in the old way.
Thus our problem is two fold: to train ourselves to look for
other ways of solving our problems when the old ways no long
er suffice; and to train Nava jos to discover new ways to find
answers to their old problems.
We believe that knowledge as such is useless, and
to a Nava jo it is doubly useless. Knowledge must be carried
over to a successfully accomplished act which is of value to
himself, his tribe, and the United States. Thus education
must be made functional.
The actual teaching from our curriculum is done by
using activity units constructed by individual teachers, who
use the curriculum as a guide in planning their work.
Our curriculum has stated the objectives sought.
These ideals are some times difficult to be attained. One
serious difficulty is in developing our present personnel to
do this work in the manner set forth in the curriculum. We
are constantly working to overcome this difficulty by a
system of curriculum revision, which is really a system of
self analysis and self training in bringing individuals to
thinking in common terms with the curriculum, and in develop
ing their ability and willingness to make constructive changes
in the educational plens. Thus we believe that surer results
will be obtained in training personnel by this self- activity
method than by handing down decisions which must be followed
blindly without self- conviction of the value of the work un
dertaken by the school as a whole.
We have had some experience in operating a school
in a hogan. Our present school building was over- crowded in
1932-33 and in 1933-34. To relieve this we needed more class
rooms. Since none were available, and no money could be obtained
for buildings, teachers and pupils decided to build their own
school buildings. Rock was quarried by the pupils, and old
discarded telephone poles served as roof poles. Using such
materials two hogans and a part of another hogan was built at
no cost to the government. We needed more buildings. Destitute
Indians working for rations provided the labor to build the
walls for two more large hogans. The roof of each was finished
with materials and labor paid for out of a total grant of$ 100
made by the Indian Office. Thus we have built two double hogans
and one single hogan at a money cost of approximately$ 100.
These buildings were used for an experimental school. The
sccount of this experiment is found in the report of Miss Alida
P. Martin. This work will be carried on again this coming year.
We expect to have more teachers and classes involved in 1934-35
than last year.
