UNITED STATEERICAQ. And frot scaleddown in th Ie Wa at youhave describeA. Yes,Q. With regard to the Pueblo of Santa Clara and the landler here, and forcoere made, first e land east of theRio Grande, we o state of best informationas to thage of the non- Indian possession; just ina general way.A. The main body of the land within the outside boundaries of the Pueblo Grant east of the river is clustered aroundthe village of Santa Cruz, whichvillage was, according tohistory, established by the Spaniards prior to 1680; probablyas ear as 1610 or' 1 It was Len abandoned for a feyears at the time of what is knoas the Pueblo Revolutionin 1680, and when De Vargas reconquered New Mexico in 1692was re- established. Around 1695, according to history,16 De Vargas started the recolonization of the new city andalso made grants to various Spaniards, so that the titleto very much of thisarea —ractically all of it, although toagreater extent north of what is known as the Arroyo Seco thanto the south of goes back to le commencement of the 17century.Q. Now what could you say along the same line as to theage of the non- Indian possession west of the river?A. It appears from what can be gathered from historythat at the time of the re- conquest,when these Spanishconquerors came in here and re- established the town of SantaCruz, that the Santa Clara Indians were established in theirPueblo in a" oximate e same site ey now occup,which extends fromIe sou ern soundary of the grant upto the vicinity of the Santa Clara creek and what is knownas the old settlement of Guacupangue; from Guachupanguenorth, in theregion around Espaiola and opposite the SantaCruz creek, the non- Indian settlement is very old. The Boardin its investigations in this case, as in others, had to examineand translate great numbers of deeds; many of which wentback a long ways. We found deeds dated i727, 1751, 1772,1776 end on through the 19th century from 1837 to 1877.Q. The general conclrsion thenas to the land on bothsides o ter war that he non- Indian pose ssion- Fanat a remote period?