Thunder Mountain and Zuni Pueblo
THE ZUNI INDIAN PUEBLO
Zuni, 40 miles from Gallup, is the largest of
all the Southwest Indian Pueblos( population about
1700); and is the successor of the once famous seven
cities Cibola, the search for which forms one of
the most interesting chapters in the history of the
great Southwest. In McKinley county and adjoin
ing territory are places where the History of the
country now comprised in the United States actually
began, in 1539, nearly a century before the Pilgrims
settled at Jamestown. Three miles east of Zuni
is a conspicuous mesa of red and white sandstone
called Thunder Mountain. The Zunis lived for a
long period on this mesa, and it was here that Coro
nado found them in the 16th century. Tradition
tells that they were driven by a great flood from
the site they now occupy, which is the valley below
the mesa, and that they retreated to the mesa for pro.
tection from the rising waters. The Zunis are noted
as pottery makers, yarn spinners, and turquoise
drillers. Their most famous dance is the Shaliko,
usually held in November.
THE RAINBOW NATURAL BRIDGE
The Rainbow Natural Bridge, 170 miles from
Gallup, is the largest in the world, having a span
of 279 feet, and being 309 feet in height.
Zane Grey, in an article in “ Recreation ”, says:
“ This Rainbow Bridge was the one great natural
phenomenon, the one grant spectacle, which I have
ever seen that did not at first give vague disap
pointment.
“ But this thing was glorious. It absolutely
silenced me. I had a strange, mystic perception
that this rosy- hued tremendous arch of stone was
a goal I had failed to reach in some former life, but
had now found. Here was a rainbow mágnified
even beyond dreams, a thing not transparent and
ethereal, but solidified, a work of ages, sweeping up
majestically from red walls, its iris- hued arch against
the blue sky.
" I realized that long before life had evolved
upon the earth this bridge had spread its grand arch
from wall to wall, black and mystic at night, rosy in
the sunrise, at sunset a flaming curve limned against
the heavens. It was not for many eyes to see.
The tourist, the leisurely traveler, the comfort- loving
motorist would never behold it. Only by toil, sweat,
and endurance could any man
look
Nonnezoshe. It seemed well to realize that the
most magnificent and uplifting spectacles have to
he earned."
ever
at
