- 4-
are sufficient facilities in the adjacent non- reservation
schools for the transfer of such to these schools. It is felt
that our local schools are doing especially good work in the
training of the school child and with certain changes being made
in the boarding schools, it is believed that the returned stu
dent, after completing the terms there will come back to the res
ervation better prepared to meet the problems encountered there
than under the training formerly received by them.
AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY
The agricultural development of the reservation is being
seriously handicapped by the scarcity of water for irrigation
purposes. The Blackrock dam has been gradually Iilling with silt
and the capacity of the reservoir has been reduced to such an ex
tent that a large acreage of the permanent crops, such as alfal
Ia, has died out because of the lack of water. Almost three
fourths of the land under this project is not cultivated as there
is not sufficient water for the rest of the crops requiring irri
gation. This has retarded the development of the livestock in
dustry to a certain extent as there is not sufficient range for
the sheep owned by the se Indians without making the use of some
feed necessary. However, with the program for additional reser
voirs, as planned by the Irrigation Department for this place,
these conditions can be corrected.
While the sheep industry is the principal one of the Zunis,
and the greater number of the Ilocks are better than the average
in this section, there are a few of the Indians who have allowed
their Ilocks to deteriorate because of their refusal to take ad
vantage of the opportunity the Government gives them to purchase
pure bred rams. As dificulty has been experienced in the sale
or such lambs, however, there has been more demand for the pure
bred stock the present year tnan ever before regardless of the
low price of wool and lambs.
The big problem at this place, as in all other sections of
the country, is that of unemployment. Very little opportunity
has been offered for employment of the reservation the present
year and the small projects made possible by liberal appropria
tions for water development here have cared for a few but not a
sufficient number for relieving this situation.
