M- 2.
Bohool room. I am sure they would make better progress
If there is any school in the service where this is done
a report on the methods pursued and the results would be
of value,
Owing to the small number of employees in this
school industrial work must of necessity be learned chief
ly in the actual doing of the daily work of the sch 001.
As our pupils are all girls the domestic work of the school
is in 1ine with the duties that will occupy most of their
1ives, and in these domestic duties they receive a constant
drilling. The most serious obstacle to the industrial work
during the past year has been the frequent changes of em
ployees. Heretofore we have been very fortunate in having
faithful employees and few changes in the force. The year
1910 broke all our previous records in the matter of changes
We had during the year four seamstresses, three cooks
three assistant matrons, and three laborers. This has made
the year a herd one for the other employees, especially for
the Natron who has had to induct most of the new employees
into their duties, and to spend a good deal of time instruc.
ting some of them in matters they should have known before
entering the service. Notwithstand ing these difficulties
the pupils have made real progress in the work Several
of our oldest girls are quite capable of carrying out the
entire program of work in the kitchen and dining room with
out oversight except for the maintaining of discipline over
the other pupils engaged in assisting in the work. These
Older girls have shown well the training they recei ved in.
der our former faithful cook, Miss Jones who left the school
a year ago.
Our school plant has proved satisfactory, the only
serious difficulty encountered having resulted from a
breakdown of our pumping engine, which took some tine to
repair
The school garden furnished a sufficient supply of
vegetables of various kinds for the pupils tables during
the year. This garden is largely the product of the pupils
lebors, as all had a part in the making of the garden and
caring for its products
8- HKS- 13
12018
