0
O
1934 FISCAL YEAR NARRATIVE.
INTRODUCTION.
The Jicarilla Reservation comprises approximately 750,000 acres
located in northwestern New Mexico. The nothern half of this area is rough,
mountainous country ranging from 6500 to 9000 feet in elevation. The
southern half is high mega country from 4500 to 6500 feet above sea level
with numerous large fertile valleys. This makes an ideal range situation,
stock being the primarly industry which moves to the seasonal ranges-
the high mountain area being used in summer and the lower mesa country
being used during the winter,
The tribe consists of a few less than 700 individuals giving them
approxima tely 1100 acres per capita. The Indians have their permanent
homes on the northern portion of the Reserva tion which was set aside by
Excecutive Order in 1887, and is practically all allotted, The southern
hall, or addition to this area, was set aside by Executive Order in 1907
is uhallotted and until very recently was not used by the Indians person
ally, most of it being under lease. Only four townships of this are still
leased and plans ar now being made to take this area over for Indian use,
The nothern portion of the Reservation is more or less thickly
covered with pine forests, A sale of a large portion of this timber was
made many year ago and the cut under this contract will be completed with
in the next eighteen months, A considerable amount of merchantable timber
will still be standing after the contract is completed and additional
sales will have to be considered. Enough timber will be available indefinite
-ly outside of sale units to insure the Jicarillas an anundance of limber
for their own needs.
Most of the reservation bs on the was tern slope being draindd by
arroyos which are dry a large portion of the year but do carry a very
large amount of water during flood seasons, A small part of the eastern
portion of the reservation lies on the east side of the Continental Divide
which drains to the Rio Grande.
More than 90% of the Jicarillas are in the sheep business,
Over
20,000 head of sheep are individually owned and cared for by the Indianas
themselves. The carrying capacity of the reservation is figured at a
minimum of 40,000 head. A survey was made by the Department some four
years ago to determine this figure.
