3.dead in a burned hogan some two hundred yards from the store,and the body was pretty well steam burned. An investigationwas made, the Indians seemed satisfied and the body was buried.Later the Indians became worked up and considerably excited andwe disinterred the body and Drs. Culp and Callahan performed anautopsy which seemed to show that the shot did not make a fatalThis case is still quite a mystery. It was presentedto the United States grand jury at the April term. The grandjury did not think there was enough evidence on which to indictbut thought there was too much to make a" no bill" finding anddirected that it come up again at the October term. So farthere have been no new developments which tend to clarify thecase. On March 2nd Hosteen Bi- de- ga bega killed his wife hereat the Agency by crushing her head with stones. They had notbeen getting along for some time and he had been guilty of aserious offense with a young girl sheep herder a short time before and was to have appeared in Indian Court on the next day.He made a bloody and determined effort to kill himself by splitting his head open with an ax and later by trying to break ahole in the ice on the river to drown himself. I removed himfrom the reservation within thirty- six hours after his captureto prevent the victim's relatives from lynching him. He wasindicted for murder at the April term of the United States court,entered a plea of guilty and was sentenced for life and almostimmediately taken to Leavenworth so he could have adequate hospital care. There seems to be an increase of immorality on thereservation, or I am learning more about it. This takes theform of plural marriages where the mother and daughter sharethe same husband, notwithstanding the Navajo superstition whichprohibits a men from looking on the face of his mother- in- law.We have handled three such cases in the Indian Court during theyear. This class of basds can not be adequately handled asthere is no Federal law to cover adultery, fornication, andplural marriages when committed by an Indian, and three monthsin the Agency guard- house is no punishment for this ola 88 ofoffenders. In May the State authorities handled Henry Yazzafor an offense committed at the Rehobeth Mission where he hadreceived gratuitous hospital treatment and repaid this hospitality by going back there and corrupting the girls. He wassentenced to not less than two nor more than two and a halfyears in the penitentiary at Santa Fe. Henry was one of ouryoung men, belonging at Toadlena.The Navajo is a primitiveIndian, but there are none of them but what know right fromwrong in these sexual relations. For this rea son Congressshould be' urged to extend the criminal laws to apply to theIndian the same as it does to the white man, on territory exclusively under the jurisdiction of the United States. If wehad such laws we could speedily break up plural marriages and3.