Owen AguilarRobert AguilarWell all I can say is that this has been thebest six years of my life. I would like to thankall the people that help me get here, Ms.Gulibert for always being there and hookingme up with all of the food. To the guys at thelunch table" Robz"," Garri"," Bo", and Dangood luck in the future and stay up. For mycuz" Vette" and friend" Jae" you guys are awesome stay cool. To all the teachers thattaught me and tried to calm me down Thankyou. Thank you coach Rodriguez for givingme the courage and pushing me to be thebest. To Coach Fragua, you willalways be remembered. Last, I wouldlike to thank my parents and grandparents without you I wouldn' t be theperson I am today. Under classmenkeep working hard. Peace out to theclass of 2005!!First of all I would like to thank all theteachers that I had from 7th through 12th atSanta Fe Indian school. Also I would like tothank my friends and all the memories thatwe will remember about SFIS and the coolstuff we did in the dorm at Crandall Hall. Iwould especially like to thank my family forencouraging me to work hard and keep inschool, my uncle for telling me never togive up on accomplishing my goals and togo on to college. I will always rememberSFIS and all the crazy things that happenedat Crandall Hall before we moved to thenew dorms. For the Class of" 2005" we willgo down as the greatest class in the historyof Santa Fe Indian School.SOSSFISIRobynn AguilarYvette AguilarFirst of all I would like to thank my parents and myfamily for pushing me to finish school and to do mybest and never give up on what I do. I love you all fordoing this for me and showing me how you caredabout me. Especially, I would like to thank my twinbrother for what he has done for me these past fouryears and I thank you for that. Will to my little bro, little sis, and my cousins is just keep your head uphigh and never give up because it goes by all fastand soon you will graduate too. Also, would like tothank my sister Jenae for always being there for mewhen I needed her most. Will as for my friends!would like to thank you for putting up with me eversince 8th grade and for always being there for mewhen I needed you guys and remembering our memories that we shared all these years. Will as for mybest friends Yvette, Jenna, Jolene, Bee, and Lesaidathanks for being there for me all the time and showing me that you cared about me. Also to thank Jill,Verna, and Lois for having me in the dorm with youguys and for putting up with me these past four yearsand the memories we had at south dorm. I will missyou guys and good luck. Will as for the SENIORS Iwould like to say congratulations to the class of2005!! We did it! My best wishes to all you seniors inWOW!! The last five years have gone by so fast,now it' s my turn to say some words as a SENIOR.Well I would like to thank my parents and grandparents for all the love encouragement, wisdomand teachings. My family, that told me that I wascapable of doing anything." I LOVE YOU ALL". Tothe staff and faculty of SFIS, for pushing me to domy best. My friends: Brit, Jenna, Robynn, Tam,Russell, Jon, Jacob, Jerome, Gavin, Daryl, andMyron for all the laughs and just being there whenI was down" THANK YOU" Corey, for all the crazytimes, especially in English" your welcome". Mybig bro OJ, for always watching out for me- SHABOO YA-. Jenae for the last five years of friendship, you have always been there for me thoughthick and thin, GRACIAS AND MUCH LUV. Mysecond Mommie Lois, Grandma Verna, and Jill formaking the years here in dorms the best," LOVEU". Anyone that I forgot to name thanks. For allthe underclassmen, do the best that you can dohere at SFIS, because the years go by fast. Lastlyto the SENIOR CLASS OF 2005 good luck in thefuture and thanks for all the good times. CONGRATS WE DID IT!!!!! Much Luv," VETTE"Ryan AguinoWarren ArmijoSFISIOJannica AtencioChristopher BacaFirst of all, I would like to THANK our creatorfrom up above, for blessing me with all my abilities. Thank You, Mom and Dad for giving mesupport and all your love. Justin, I Love YouBrother, you are my inspiration. To myGrandma, Thank You for your wisdom and guidance. To my Uncle' s from above, thank you forwatching over me and giving me the motivationto succeed. To my family, thank you for alwaysbeing there. My mother once told me," Nothingis handed to you on a silver platter, you have towork for what you want in life." I' ll alwaysremember that. To all my teachersand the staff at SFIS, I couldn' thave done it without you! To myfriends, you have truly touched myheart, Much Love! And to the graduating class of 2005, We Did It!Now lets show the world we areand what we can become!Well first, I would like to thank my parentsfor pushing me to get where I am at now.Next, I would like to thank my friends forbeing there to talk to and having some funtimes. I' d like to thank all of my teachers forhelping me when I needed help. To Santa FeIndian School for giving me the opportunityto graduate with the class of 2005,SENIORS!!! Now this goes out to all myfriends, pursue your dreams guys and muchlove to all of you. Class of 2005, catch yalaterz.ASFISIusDAS