TEQUAYOPage 21Boy Scouts at Santa Fe Indian SchoolScouting among the boys of the Santa Fe etc. The results of the Contest show how wellSchool was first started in February, 1931. our boys have learned these lessons of scouting.At that time little was known of the benefits Last year a Scout Troop Camp was held byto be derived and the interest which most Troop 24. This was in charge of Scoutmasterboys have in scout activities by the boys in Hamilton and Assistant Scoutmaster Thompour school. Some few boys, however, mani son. A good time was had by all. Later afested a desire to be Scouts and they formed number of our Scouts attended the Districtthe nucleus for our first Scout Troop, estab- Camp which was held in August, our troop belishing what is now Troop No. 24.ing under the direction of Assistant ScoutmasThe growth of this troop was slow at first ter Thompson. This was a splendid experienceas the boys who started were learning and as most of the troops in the District were repwere not sufficiently proficient in scouting to resented. Our troop conducted itself withcreate an enthusiasm among other boys so that credit to itself and the school.they would wish to join also. When the ad Plans are now being made for the summervantages in scouting and the real interest which camping outings and it is hoped a number ofit holds for boys became manifest, more and both troops will be able to attend.more boys sought membership and now Troop Troop 24 is under the direction of Scout24 has 30 members with a waiting list of other master Hamilton assisted by Assistant Scoutboys who desire to join. Also Troop 26 has master Thompson. These Scoutmasters havebeen formed during the present school year had charge of the troop for about a year andwith 21 members and others waiting to join. a half and have given much time and hardScouting appeals to Indian boys and they work to the troop, the results showing in theeasily become proficient Scouts. This is made fine standing which the troop has. Troop 26evident by the contests in which our troops has a Scoutmaster Mr. Kramer, who has alsohave taken part during the past year. These worked hard with his troop. His boys saycontests were held for all troops in the Santa they are going to give Troop 24 a hard fightFe District, many of the troops being older for honors next year.than ours and having members with years' Both troops are sponsored by the schoolexperience in scouting. Troop 24 has been and have as a troop committee the following:first, second or third in all of these contests, W. R. Sheldon Chairman, Dr. Don May, Mr.and in the last contest- Inspection and Drill Fred H. Schmuck, Dr. J. R. Tippins and Superwas first in both events and Troop 26, one of intendent C. E. Faris.the youngest troops in the contest, was second Troop 24 has undertaken to build a bridgein the drill and third in the Inspection. across Aroyo Hondo as a troop undertaking.The benefit could also be seen in the last It is a formidable undertaking as the bridge willinspection. Inspection was made on the basis have a fifty- foot span. Later, the troop plansof clean hands and faces, shoes shined, clothes to build a troop house on ground near theclean, brushed, properly and neatly put on, bridge.