ZAZAZAZThe NavajosBy LUKE JOHNSONNavajoWhen I was a small boy, many children were going to school and I was anxious to gotoo for I heard that the boys and girls were learning a lot of new things in this world.One day I asked my father if he would send me to school, but he replied," If I send youto school, I wouldn' t have anybody to herd sheep and look after the stock. If I send you toschool, all my sheep will go astray and be lost. ” So I did not go.I am very sorry that I did not go to school early in my boyhood, although I was smallat that time. Because I was the only boy of my family that did the work around the home,and I was the only one that my folks depended upon, I did not get to go to school whenthe others did.I am very glad that later I entered a school for a few years and I am glad and proudof what little I have learned in those few years of schooling and of what I have learnedabout the white man' s way of living, and also about my vocation. I think it is wonderfulthat there are schools for the Indians. They are learning everything they can. I hopethey appreciate what they are learning now, because it will do them good after they finishand leave school to go out in this wide world and make a living and be self- supporting.In our tribe( Navajo), many of our grandfathers and grandmothers never saw a singlewhite person or never did wear clothes that they are wearing now. In those days theynever tasted any of these fancy foods that we eat. We do not know much about what theydid wear or eat and how they lived. What we know about them now has been told to usby our grandfathers.Not many years ago, less than a century, the Navajos learned to graze sheep. Thesheep were brought by the Spaniards.Before 1860, the Navajos were very troublesome to the settlers. They made trouble withthe Spaniards as well as with the other tribes of Indians, and sometimes stealing theirsheep, cattle, and horses. In 1860 the United States Government tried to stop the troubleand took the troublesome Navajos to Ft. Sumner, New Mexico. They were kept there forseveral years. They worked and earned their meals and room and clothing. While still atFt. Sumner, they promised the U. S. Government that they never would steal any more.The government soon accepted their promise and the Navajos were brought back to theirreservation. After their arrival back to their reservation, these Navajos came to Ft. Defiance, Arizona. There, the government provided them food and shelter. At this time, theNavajos numbered but a few hundreds, and the government provided them with a fewhundred head of sheep, each family getting a few head of their own. They took goodcare of their sheep and soon their flocks ran up into thousands.After they made the treaty of peace, the Navajos settled down to business, grazingtheir sheep and cattle, and those in the irrigation districts, farmed. The Navajo silverwareand rugs were excellent, and the education among them is steadily spreading. The population of the Navajo is rapidly increasing rather than decreasing. The last census numberedthem over 40, 000, the largest tribe of Indians living in the United States.After the Navajos came back from Ft. Sumner, 71 years ago, the government has spentmany thousands of dollars for them. The United States Government has done its partfor us Navajos; what money it has spent for us, we are trying hard to make use of, andfor the past, the Indians that have done their best toward civilization, are now holdingofficers' positions among their own tribe, and it is now our duty to carry it on.If North America had not been discovered, the Indians might have been still naked.We Indians need good education in order to compete with the white civilization. Weneed good leaders among our people. Our mothers and fathers sent us far off to school toget a good education because it will do us good and also our people, so it is up to us tomake good.