- 15tions if we find they can properly care for same. It is theplan of this office to sell them a number of our grade cattleto such as are living out on the farther districts wherethey can have pasture and good care for a cow.14. Very little blanket weaving is done by these Indians butpottery and silver work has a considerable place in their industries.15. The returned students, generally speaking, are anxious toſind employment and their work compares most favorably withothers'. In their work upon the reservation, they are moreready to adopt modern methods and have not the superstitionof the older Indians with reference to same.16. Too much of the farmer' s and stockman' s time is requiredin attending to irrigation work on the outlying districts;in issuing poison for prairie dog eradication; in fightingthe grasshopper plague, and in attending to minor dutieswhich cannot be personally looked after by the superintendent.Attention is called to the fact that of the$ 10, 000 annuallyappropriated for looking after the irrigation of the Indiansand which is expended through the Irrigation Department, butone of the five irrigation projects is given attention bytheir representative. The work of the other four devolvesupon the farmer and the stockman who are compelled to assistthe Indians in running their ditches, in constructing flumes,and in properly handling the water. We have no funds forthis purpose and it is the opinion of this office that thisreimbursable amount should be made available for all irrigation projects on the Zuni reservation.17. This has been explained in a previous paragraph. The workis done here similar to that under an organized chapter butsupervision is given the work by the officers of the puebloinstead of the chapter. This change was made necessary because of the friction between the two sets of officers.( b) The State Agricultural College is very prompt in responding to requests for assistance when needed. The County Agentis most helpful; while our Boys' and Girls' Club work is under the direction of the Agricultural Extension Agent of theAgricultural College.