Page 32TEQU AYOGRADE ELEVENTop row, left to right- Jerry Swazo, Ramon Sanchez, William Ethelbah, John Reyna, Pamfilo Montoya, RayPalmer, Paul Tsosie, Dooley Shorty, Upton Ethelbah. Middle row- Ben Wright, Tony Garcia, Luterio Aguilar,Domingo Trujillo, Tony Archuletta, Charlie Cachucha, Perfecto Garcia, Ramos Pacheco, Abe Shutta. Front rowVivianita Reyna, Rufina Lujan, Emily Aquino, Joselita Herrera, Mary Ortiz, Alfonsita Martinez, Conception Toribio, Mary Tsosie Begay, Inez Dailey, Tonita Miribal, Jeronima Martinez.THE STORY OF THE FLOODA Navajo LegendBy Paul TsosieBefore the first people came upon this earth, Soon the reed grew so tall it reached to theall the animals were able to speak the language sky, where the people might dig through to theof that time, and they were living down below next world. The Badger and the Cicado werethis earth where we now live. This place was called to the front because they were knownsupposed to be the original abode of men and to be best diggers, and they dug through intowomen, but one day Coyote stole a little baby the next earth and the reed grew through theHippopotamus from its home in the lake and hole. These two well known earth diggersthe Great Spirit of the Water became so angry came into the new world and the Great Spiritthat he caused the water to rise up and flood of the Second Earth was there waiting forthe land so as to punish the people. While the them. He gave them some tasks to performlakes and rivers were rising all the able medi- which they did satisfactorily and he allowedcine men performed their chants to find out the them to bring their people up to his earth incause of the flood.order to escape the water which was followingFinally, when they were not able to find the close behind. One chief medicine man camecause, they went up on the highest mountain up first and he set a guard at the gate to haveand there they planted a pine tree, hoping that every one searched to see if they could findit would grow high enough so that the people why the water was angry. The last to comecould be saved. But the tree didn' t grow very up was the Coyote clan and the guards searchedtall and on the second day they planted a fir them and found the baby Hippopotamus hidtree, but that didn' t grow very tall either so on den in the blanket of the one who had stolenthe third day they planted a maple tree with him. He was returned to the water and nowthe same result.the anger was appeased and the water wentOn the fourth day the water had risen so down. The Coyote were punished so that neverhigh that the people had moved to the top of could they live among people any more, andthe mountain but the water still continued to they took their language away from them sofollow them so the medicine men planted a now they cannot talk and have a hard time toreed tree which grew and grew into the sky find whatever they need. That is why theyas the medicine men chanted day and night, are wild and steal today.and they and all of the people started to climb The earth upon which the people now werethe tree as it grew, but the water rose higher was the only dry spot and the rest was coveredand higher, above the mountains and on every with water. The Great Spirit was well pleasedjoint of the reed there was a different clan. with his new people so he called the water toThe very last group from below was the Turkey the east, to the south, to the west, and to theclan and the water reached to their very tails north. That is why the ocean surrounds usand that is why the edge of the turkey' s tail is today.white.The End.