Farmer' s Report.
Page 3.
made every effort to establish as many as possible upon
the se districts and to develope as much water for ir
rigation as could be done. The Agenoy, with no especial
funds for this purpose with the Indians supplying the
Work, placed a diversion dam at Nutria, with storage
dams at Pescada, Tekapa and Ojo Caliente. The Irrigation
Department, the past year, has made of Nutria and Pescada
permanent diversion dams and a storage at Pescada, with
assurance given that permanent improvements would be_ ma de
at Ojo Caliente, where this is greatly needed. The In
dians are very enthusiastic over the improvements made and
prospects are most favorable for a marked growth along
agricultural lines there. The Indians living at Ojo Cal
iente are unanimous in asking that a Day School Plant be
placed there and it is to be hoped that funds may soon be
provided for this purpose. This would afford an excellent
opportunity for extension Work to be done by the employees
of the Day School and there would be no reason for the In
dians living there to move to Zuni during the winter period.
Quite a number of the Indians are now living practically all
of the time at their farms or ranches and their growing pros
perity is becoming noticable,
Zuni Indians are a gregarious people and work together
in their planting, cultivating and harvesting of their crops.
Formerly, when planting and harvesting as well as the thresh
ing and grinding into flour of their wheat, as many as twenty
men would work together in a small field. Time was not con
sidered in this work and if labor were considered, the flour
or meal produced was a most expensive product. In order that
modern methods could be used, grain binders were purchased
for each farming district, a thre shing outfit for the Agency
and vicinity use and a flour mill was constructed. While
the grain binders were too large for the horses in use here,
they have proven valuable and are much in use although they
must soon be replaced. This experience has shown the futil
ity of the Government owning machines of this nature and the
plan is for the purchase now to be made from reimbursable funds
with the ownership placed in the Indians who will take more
pride in this ownership while smaller machines will be secured.
The thresher was not used for several years as their threshing,
like so many of their customs, was made a community affair
with certain ceremonies in connection. A small outfit run
by a Fordson tractor was purchased for use at Nutria and Pes
cada. This has proven of such worth that it is hoped far a
similar outfit to be secured for Tekapa dn Ojo Caliente. The
Indians were just as slow in making use of the flour mill.
Even a few years ago, there would be but a few days when the
mill would run because of the failure of the Indians to bring
in their wheat. This year, more than 100, 000 pounds of flour
were ground for them and but little relief was needed along
food lines because of this unusual production. Io has been
found that along all lines, private ownership of implements
or machines is preferable and all future purchases here will
be handled in this manner. Much seed has been issued to the
Zunis, payment for same being made by labor or return of grain.
