SOUTHERN NAVAJO JURISDICTIONAnnual Roport, 1931.Fort Defiance, Arizona,February 24, 1951.NARRATIVE SECTION.SectionI- LAN AND ORDER.1.With the personnel now allowed there is particular need for agencybuild in gs and equipment as follows:3 farm stations, including cottage, barn and garage.Quarters for Chief of Police and judges at agency.Club building for agency employees( 15 rooms).At present three stockomen and farmers have hoadquarters at theagency, as none are available in the field. This necessitates a great dealof unnecessary travel and prevents, to quito an extent, tho close contactdesired with the people of the district to which they are assigned. Each ofthese men must travel from 15 to 75 miles from their headquarters befororeaching their districts. Owing to the absence of roads, a great deal of timeis used in getting to and from headquarters. In addition to this, much moneyis required in repair and upkeep of cars. Such traveling is, of course,reduced to the minimum, but even under the most favorable circumstances, agreat deal of wasto in time, energy, and expenso is necessitated.No provision has ever been made at the agency for quarters toaccommodate the Chief of Police, who s ponds practically all his time aroundthe agency. Neither are quarters available for the Indian Judges, who arehere several days each month in connection with Indian court business,Nava jo hogans and shacks of the most disreputable sort are being used bythese men at this time. A four room house for the Chief of Police, withthe understanding that he would provide accommodations for the two IndianJudges, would adequately meet our needs.A modern building providing 15 rooms, each with a bath, is veryurgently required at Fort Defiance for the proper accommodation of agencyemployees. This would include nurses and clerks. At present these employeesare scattered all over the place where any accommodations can be found. Inmost cases the rooms occupied are without modern conveniences and totallyunsui ted to any self- respecting employee of the type desired in the classof positions mentioned. An old building, formerly used as a general hospital,is now the principal place of acc annodation for these employees. It can beunderstood how totally unsuited, a building designed for ward hospitalization,would be for quarter ing employees. In these isolated sections about theonly source of enjoyment which one may expect, aside from the work in whichhe is engaged, is the comforts afforded in his living quarters. Without suchcomforts it can plainly be realized that life back on the reservation hasa tendency to become extremely drab,