SECTION III
SCHOOLS:
The relationship existing between the public
school in this locality and the Indian school has been
very pleasant indeed. A new public school building has
been constructed at Leupp during the year for the enrollment
of Indian children and the children of the employees.
Another public school has been established at Canyon
Diablo for the enrollment of Indian pupils and plans
have been discussed and partially formulated for the
establishment next year of a public school at Indian Wells.
The se three public schools, together with the Indian school
at Leupp, provide facilities for the education of approximately
475 Indian children. With reference to the needs of the
school, I believe that indications of the present year,
in connection with the floods by the Little Colorado River,
are such as to preclude recommendations for any additional
permanent improvements in the way of buildings and so forth.
Additional class rooms are very urgently needed and if the
school plant could be made safe from floods, such rooms
should be provided at the earliest possible date.
No school farm is maintained here, dur to the la ck
of irrigation. In view of the fact that this school carries
our pupils only through the seventh grade, there have been
no graduates. There are no mission or contract schools
under the control of the Superintendent.
There is a number of Indian children of school a ge
on the reservation who are not in school. Plans are made
to enroll as many pupils each year as space permits.
Additional school facilities, however, are required in order
to enroll all children of school age. The condition of
returned students may be said to be good, considering the
present standards of living among the Nava jos. Many of
our returned students have adopted a great many of the
things they learned in school, while others have simply
gone back to reservation life and are giving no thought
to the teachings of the school which they attended. It is
believed that it is a prove ss of elimination, and that as
soon as the older generation of Indians is gone, many of
their p esent superstitions and ideas will go with them,
and the younger generation will adopt ideas and teachings
of the White Man and the degree in which they adopt the se
ideas and teachings will become greater as education
