Commissioner of Indian Affairs-
Page 6.
undertaken, not only of various trees but grass as well; so that eventually this
entire area will be restored to good grazing.
The acreage is great enough so that to complete the program, this work
would extend over several years, probably ten or fifteen. During this time, the
Navajo Indians living in the communities adjacent to the mountain, should secure
a great deal of farm produce and forage crops from these areas. This will provide
a great deal of employment for the Indians.
The great amount of labor being supplied the Navajos is improving their
economic status. Most of the Indians are very much better fed and clothed than
they have been for the past several years. The development of their several re
sources should make it possible to continue their present standard of living,
if not their present standard of spending. This would be most desirable, as in
the past a great many families have hardly been able to exist.
The establishment of community centers will have a decided influence
on the improvement of family conditions. Practically all of the small children
in these communities will remain in the homes and attend school at these centers.
The community workers in each district will encourage adult Indians to come to the
Center for instruction in home improvement. It is felt that in the course of a
very few years, the influence of these centers and the personnel will affect real
changes for the better in the home conditions of all Indians of the community.
Owing to the large amount of ready cash in the hands of the Navajos,
there has been a great deal of lawlessness; especially, in the use of alcoholic
liquors. Drunkenness has affected the morals of these people and it is planned
to continue our program of suppression of all forms of lawlessness and vice,
Each jurisdiction should be furnished at least one special officer to assist the
regular& mounted police officers in the maintainence of law and order.
The Extension Department will continue its activities for agriculture
development on the reservation. The efforts of the Extension Agent will be
supplemented and supported by the community workers.
Land use will be a definite part of the Day School program and it is
sincerely hoped that proper utilization of the land and improved methods of
farming, stock raising and grazing will result.
It is hoped that the Office will approve the purchase of one or more
portable saw mills to be used to produce lumber in connection with their home
building program. There is a great deal of ripe and overripe timber on the
reservation which can be used in the manufacture of lumber. The cutting of this
timber will serve as protection to the young trees. It will produce the lumber
very badly needed by the Navajos in the construction of homes and in other uses
and will provide considerable labor for Navajos employed in the manufacture of
the lumber.
The construction of new irrigation projects has provided and is provid
