0
O
O
Commissioner- 13.
agrioultural lands morning and night during the work
ing season.
Stook raising is not very largely followed, though
the Taos Pueblo does have in the neighborhood of four to
five hundred head of fairly good grade cattle. They provided
ample feed last season for them and from present indications
they will have sufficient to carry them through the coming
winter. Only one or two Indians under the jurisdiction håve
sheep. There were no excessive losses of stock last year.
An increased quantity aty be kept, and, no doubt, will be
11 we put forth proper efforts, but stock raising as an
extensive means of livelihood will never be followed by
these Indians. There is considerable tres passing stock
upon the several Pueblo grants of which we have not been
able to rid ourselves. The Pueblo Attorney is instituting.
several suits looking to this end, and it is hoped he may
be successful in carrying them forward. The Indians, while
not utilizing all their range for their own stock, are
using such as they have left after tres passing stock gets
its subsistence by renting it to non- Indians who have stock
for which they must obtain pasturage. Such rental, however,
is not of very great extent. They have during the past year
on the several pueblos realized perhaps$ 2,000.00 from such
rentals.
There are no high grade sires belonging to these people,
nor are there any tribal herds.
Conditions on the several grants are not favorable for
carrying on the dairy industry. However, some 30 or 40 of
our Indians have milk cows which they use for that purpose.
The Indians do not have sufficient funds to purchase such
COWS in large numbers, but I am advised that the number of
cows which they have are increasing.
The outlook for blanket weaving, lace making, pottery
and other work peculiar to the Indian is not good, nor, in
fact, should it be, as these industries do not bring returns
commensurate with the time in carrying them forward.
There is no fishing, logging or lumbering under the
jurisdiction. We do have on the Santa Clara grant, perhaps,
20,000,000 board feet of good timber, but it is not advisable
to manufacture this lumber ourselves, and steps are being
taken looking toward its sale.
As before stated we had only one farmer under the
jurisdiction last year. There were no industrial teachers.
The farmer spent the larger part of his time going from
Pueblo to Pueblo looking after various matters that needed
attention suoh as trespassing stock, advising the Indians,
looking after water rights, assisting and directing the
