-6
Industries( continued)
Hopi Indian Agency
We have boys' and girls' clubs at some schools, and they are
doing good work.
We have introduced several new crops, new plants, and trees
on this reservation this year. The Indians have been encouraged
to plant more cherries, plums, apples, eto., to put in more
grapes, and to plant special trees from nearby agricultural ex
periment stations.
These Indians have market facilities for everything they can
raise, and they usually get good prices for everything they sell.
They also trade extensively with adjacent Indian tribes, getting
good prices or products for their manufactured articles such as
silverware, blankets, pottery, baskets, etc. We have a number of
licensed traders and other dealers who take everything these
Indians offer for sale. The dealings of these traders seem to be
fair and square and appear to be so although I sometimes think
that some of these traders put too high a price on subsistence
supplies.
We have no mill project or merchantable timber on the
reservation.
We have a number of ruins, ancient Indian communities or
homes. We have no olifl dwellings.
We have no Indian fairs. We believe that if these Indians
exhibit, it should be at& county or State fair, in competition
with the whites.
We have no celebrations on the reservation during the
year, excepting as ceremonial dances may be so named.
All the land on the reservation is owned and reserved for
the Indians. They can graze their stock wherever they wish to
take it. Indian stook is seen all over the reservation and is
not confined to any partioular part of it. These people regu
late this in a way that serves their best advantage and prevents
having much trouble over this land. As a rule they are very
nice about this matter.
We have had no Indians employed during the past year under
the supervision of Mr. Dagenett. There are not enough places
for employment either on or off the reservation for all our
Indians. We have many who go to the lumber camps each year;
a number work on the railroads. We have been especially for
tunate and successful in placing a number of our returned
