OUpon the Public Domain no have one of the most complex situations to befound anywhere in the United Statos, with continual friction between Indianand whito stoclomon and always with the conflict of interosts. We aro boporulthat at the next session of Congress the passage of the Boundary Bill can beprossed and be enacted into law, which will definitoly settle the landquestion, as it effects, at the present time, about 7500 Indians. Noarly1,000 of the Eastern Navajo population will be on the outside of the extendedboundaries and their rights will be difficult of protection, for the Taylordet vithdraws from entry w public lands, and many Indians who are ontitledto allotment or homestoad cannot obtain same, and unless they be given proforonce under tho Taylor Leasing Act, it is almost cortain that toy will becrowded off the range, as no stocloman can make a living on a few allotmentsthat he may have title to.Originally those allotments were made with the expectation that theycould control the land surrounding their respectivo holdings to wch asextent that the white stookmon would not come into their occupied areas, butthe white stoolman 18 aggressive and usually gets moro bonofit from theGovernment land than the Indians, particularly is this true during the wintermonths, as they came in from Colorado and northeastern Now Mondico into thisIndian aro south of the San Juan River to the Chaco Canyon country. Weare very much concerned as to what the Department will do to protect thoseIndians after the Boundary Bill becomes a lan, as thoro is providon madefor them. No sales of land bare ter been made of individual Indian allotmonts and non. is doing considered.Our Department, during the past year, has loasod 148,005.17 acros( Figures as of Docombor 31, 1934) from the Broode- Provitt Company, the SantaTo Railway Company and tho Now Mexico& Arizona Land Company at abost of2 to 4 cents per acre.Section III- Eoalth-The health of the Navajos as a whole has shom but littlo improvementand the noods for a modern hospital is groat, with an extended fold servico11 we are overy to make material advanco in improving boalth condi tions. Ourfield personnel consists of: TTo physicians, one who dovotos most of histime to the hospital work, and the other attending to the field needs. However, it is a physical impossibility for them to give attention to the 1600families scattored over a large area. One field nurse is stationed at SanAntono; bor work is doubly difficult for the reason that she is not furnishedan interpreter, though the Indians have sent in a petition to your officeurging that an interpreter be provided her that hor work be more effective,but it appears that there is no money to pay the salary for an interpreterfor this work. In the meantime, the only thing she can do is to continueunder this handicap until such a time as this might be recognized.Section IV · Education-Report on the educational work at this school was submitted last July,and which was prepared by our Principal, Mr. M. J. Chadsey.• 5 •