همنعدم
ANNUAL REPORT,, 1925.- ZUNI AGENCY, N. M.
Section No. 2- Health.
General health conditions at the Agency and schools have
been exceptionally good, Some trouble has been experienced with
Dysenterys during the suramer months, but not nearly to the same ex
tent as for several years passed.
We have had no epidemics of infections or contagious dis
eases during the past year.
General sanitary conditions of the Reservation, An
and around the Indian homes, are steadily showing improvement.
Further improvement is much to be desired, but time and education
will be required.
( a) Regular sanitary inspection of sanitary conditions
in and about Indian homes have been held.. The se inspections have
been made by the resident physician and field matron detailed here
by the Eastern Indian Association. Considerable has been accomplish
ed in improving Bani tary conditions, except in abating the fly nu
Bance and in general cleanliness of the homes.. These two matters
and the matter of education as to proper diet for children should
be given further careful attention.
( b)) To obtain proper and adequate care of the sick, suit
able working quarters for the physici en are needed at the Pueblo..
AA800 a regular field matron should be furnished by the Office.
among
( e)) To handle Tuberculosis and Trachoma aduit Indians and
children who are of school age, but who are ineligible for enrollment
in schools, Educational campaigns has been inaugurated on the Resm
ervation. The Indians as a rule object to the enrollment of such:
patients in a hospital.
( a)) It is nor considered practicable to establish temporary
tent hospitals for the treatment of adults and children of for the
instruction of children ineligible for shcool. There are very few
Indians" on the Reservation afflicted with Trachoma or Tuverculosi 8
( e)) We have a small hospital at the Agency. The generali
sentiment of the Indians 18 to prevent the maximum usefulness" of
the hospital. Aside from the treatment of school children very
few pati ebts are enrolled.. The tribe is dominated to a great ex
tent by the Native Medicine Man and Medicine Women and their
treatments..
Very 11ttle
diseases are observed among the Zani
Indians.
( a)) The physician is called upon to treat such cases.
( b)) No special campaign has as yet been planned against
- 5--
