6.and his wife resigned and left this station in April. He wassucceeded temporarily by Mr. James Van Deavener, a divinitystudent, who is in poor health and for that reason has not beenable to do much work. As a consuquence, the Red Rock work haspractically been abandoned for the time. Reverend Father Berard Haile,& priest of the Roman Catholic Churoh, holds services at Red Rock once a month. he comes over the mountainfrom Lukuchukai Catholic Mission for this purpose. He speaksNavajo well and seems to have considerable influence with theIndians. Father Haile is German and at one time it was thoughtby some that he was responsible for some of the talk of the Indians, but so far as I was able to find out, there was nothingto it. The work at Toadlena is in charge of Reverend L. P. Brink,of the Christian Reform Church. Mr. Brink has been in the mission work a number of years and speaks Navajo very well. He hasbeen on the Fort Defiance jurisdiction for a number of years before coming here. He did heroic work during the influenza epidemic-- 80 much 80 that men who do not ordinarily think much ofthe missionaries have said that" Brink is all right. I do notknow anything about his preaching but I know what he did for Isaw him at it". The Methodist effort is confined almost entirely to their school two miles from Farmington where they supportand educate thirty of our children. This school was under thecharge of Milton M. Thorne until he entered the Army Y. M. C. A.work in June 1918. Mrs. Thorne carried on the work for& shorttime after he left and was succeeded by Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Oale,who came to the work from Government Indian work down in Oklahoma. This work is practical and of value to our people and wegive them our best co- operation. If true religion consists ofvisiting the sick and ministering to theta, comforting the dyingand burying the dead and a" missionary" is the person who performs that kind of duty, then the greatest missionary effortduring the period under discussion was by the Episcopal Hospital near Farmington, under the charge of Miss Peters, the Nurse,and one woman lay assistant. Miss Peters and this one womancared for as many as a dozen Navajo influenza patients at atime, and when they died and no men could be had to help, thesetwo women dug the graves and buried the dead as best they could.They took patients after the epidemio was over and nursed themback to health, who would otherwise have gone into consumptionand died. A Navajo can understand that kind of missionary effortmoh better than he can the dootrine of predestination, orbaptism in a dosert, or the theory of the Trinity, especially6.