While there are naturally a great many minor offonses committed onthe part of Indians, I am hardly justified in stating that anyextent of difficult is experienced in maintaining proper order upon thereservation. This is largely due to the splendid cooperation of our Chapterorganizations, which exert a tremendous influence in favor of proper behavioron the part of the Indian people. The additional policemen requestod wouldbo highly appreciated by these organizations, as polico officers are lookedupon by the Navajos as direct representatives of the superintendent, andwhere it is possible for them to work with the Indian organizations, the influonco of those organizations is strengthened, and better results may thereforebe obtained. The only serious difficulty, with reference to law and order,occurs off the reservation, and in the vicinity of Gel lup, and the remedy suggosted is the assignment of a special officer for that district, wh 088 responsibilities Tould also extond over the reservation in cooperating with mypolice officers and members of my staff of field employees.4.I have had no difficulty in obtaining assistance from the FederalCourts with reference to all crimes and of tonses of a serious nature.Lesser oft anses are handled quite satisfactorily through our Chapter courtsand our Indian courts.5.The Navajo Indians engage in dances to quite an extent during someseasons of the year. Ordinarily, the big dances, which are considerably of a social as well as religious na ture, are held at times of theyear when there is least interference with the industry of the Indians. Muchmore careful supervision of behavior is exercised at these dances since theChapter organizations have been formed than was previously the case. TheIndians frequently call attention to this improved situation. Under presentconditions I do not believe that the Navajo dan ces retard, to any extent, theadvancement of the Indians, and I am of the opinion that the moral effect isnot particularly unfavorable. The Indian leaders are always very anxiousthat every possible precaution be taken to insure proper behavior on theoccasion of the dances.( a) I do not feel that the Nava jo dances offer any cause foralarm, and I believe it is advisable to permit these dances tocontinue without any special interference. As the Chapter community centers are developed, much provision for social lifeis afforded, and as this provision is made, the native socialdances are proportionately decreased. The Navajos are blessedwith the same gregarious instinct as other members of the humanrace, and the dances, which are the principal expression of thisinstinct, must necessarily continue until more favorable ordesirable means are evolved.As time goes on it is our plan to offer extension work whichwill be centered at the Chapter mee ting houses, and which willinclude educational and, perhaps, other pictures, schools forthe illiterate adults, and other means of advancement. All ofwhich will be of a social as well as instructive nature.