predHOPI INDIAN AGENCYANNUAL REPORTNARRATI VE SECTIONSection IV-------- Industries.The Navajos are a nomadic people and it is very hard to lay down anindustrial program which might be accepted by them. Our program is to assistthern in every possible way to better homes, to more permanent homes, to thedevelopment of more water, to the increase of quality rather than quantityin their flocks and to get them to be more sanitary in their modes of living.We have also an intensive health program which is working out to advantagefor their advancement. Unfortunately we do not have the field employees weneed for a comprehensive program of special work among these people as we doamong the Hopis, but they are in an independent condition, only two of themgetting rations from the government. The Hopis are just as self- supporting andprogressive, perhaps more so, or progress with them is for the encouragement ofbetter home conditions, bet ter morals, more agri@ ultural fields and orchards,and a better grade of stock. There is no Hopi getting a cent from the government in the way of rations.No one with a white skin can tell the Hopis how to farm in this desertcountry. Every year sees their faming operations enlarged and their orchardsimproved. This year perhaps 6,000 new fruit trees were set out on this reservation and probably 3,000 more acres of agricultural land was cultivated amongthe Hopis. Owing to a recent allotment by the Office of$ 500 for berbed wire,an incentive for more crop lands has been given. Each year sees more orcha rdsand& grea ter area of crop fields among these people. It is so with theNava jos but they do not set out any trees. They are more of a stock- raisingpeople figuring on trading with the Hopis for fruits and vegetables. Ourschool and agency gardens and orchards have been improved which I believe is anencouragement to these Indians. Every year, we set out more trees, cultivatemore land. These people never have any failures. They might plant three timesin order to get a crop, but they always get good crops. Prospects for thisyear are very fine. Until this year the Office has given us a little money touse for poisoned grain which greatly helps the Hopis. This year we tried toexperiment and to get the Hopis to get their own poisoned gra in. It seems tobe working out all right.( c) Every year I try to get additional grape cuttings, fruit trees,etc., from other schools. This year I got very fine fruit trees from Chilocco,over 200 in number, for other places. This year we also tried out onions inthis country, organizing onion clubs and getting some 10,000 plants. We alsoencourage the Indians in different districts to put in different melon seedsfrom outside.( a) About the only thing that bothers these Indias out here arerodents and they fight them with poisoned grain which is very effective.( e) The Hopis trade their melons, fruits, vegetable products to theNavajos or take them in to railroad towns. They get good prices and have merketfor everything they raise. Increased production wi 11 have no effect on theseconditions.V