- 3-
source of income. The fencing on the reservation is much better
than generally found on Indian reservations, although more fencing
should be purchased and constructed by them. They are able to do
this and each year sees an improvement along these lines. The
roads are in bad shape on the reservation and with the limited
means at the command of the superintendent cannot well be differ
ent. A request for help has lately been made the Office, which
help will' mean grading of the roads and putting them in fair con
dition. While the Indians will help in this work with their light
teams and poor equipment for the work, but little can be accom
plished by them. If the grading is done, however, they can be
very helpful in hauling gravel; also in Working on the bridges
on the reservation, nearly all of which are in need of repair work.
The Indians here have helped very little without compensation.
Through their officer, they have promised to give assistance and
they will be called upon for the placing of logs at the mill, the
hauling of lumber and of gravel and in day labor on the road and
bridges
.
The water resources on the reservation consist mainly of the
Zuni River and its tributaries, with springs and lakes in the hills
and mountains adjacent. The ditches, flumes and headgates under
the various projects are in good state of repair and are kept so
by the Indians, who are supervised in this work by a representative
of the Irrigation Service.
There are no allotments on this reservation, I am sorry to say,
and the Indians do not reside upon the land, but are centrally
located either in the Zuni village or one of the four districts
where about one- half of the Indians reside from early spring until
late fall.
There are no leases on the Zuni reservation.
There are approximately forty thousand head of sheep on the
reservation and this number remains about stationary as there are
not sufficient grazing facilities for a larger number. The quality
of their sheep is improving each year and it is to this end that
this office is working. Comparatively few losses were sustained
during the year. Some of the Indians feed their flocks and care
for the older ewes during the winter and each year adds to the
number who do this. The outlook for the future is encouraging.
While there is not sufficient range for a larger number, with
beter quality and better care, larger returns can be secured from
the number now owned. There is no room for stoclc of others than the
Indians here and except trespass stock, which is taken off as soon
as discovered, none other than the Indians are on the reservation.
All range lands are utilized by Indians and a considerable acreage
on the outside is leased by them. Each year a few high grade rams
are purchased and gradually the quality of the herds are improving
in this manner. I am very glad to be able to state that there is
no tribal herd on the reservation. We have a small experimental
flock of sheep, which is kept for educational purposes only and
which is proving of value by showing proper methods of care and
feeding. I would not recommend the dairy industry for these Indians.
- 3-
