SOUTHERN PUEBLOS AGENCY
Albuquerque, New Mexico
SECTION III
SCHOOLS
( Dictated by Homer L. Morrison, Day School Inspector.)
The relationship existing between the Public Schools and the In
dian Schools is, in general, very cordial. The Public School teachers
in the Laguna District have taken an active interest in the reading
circle work being done by the teachers of the Indian Schools during
the present school term.
The Indian children of the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction have an
ple school facilities with the exception of the Isleta pueblo, where a
considerable settlement has grown up in a farming district from five
to seven miles from the present school plant. There are approximately
twenty- five children in this district who are too far away from our
present school to walk each day. It has been recommended that an addi
tional school house be built in this farming district and an additional
employee stationed at that point. Such a school plant would increase
the percent of attendance, would tend to fix the people permanently in
their homes away from the unsanitary conditions existing in the close
community life of the old pueblo. A school at this point would also
enable us to maintain the sixth grade at the present Isleta school with
out additional building or employees until such time as the present
school plant would not accommodate the population of the old pueblo.
Three new school buildings have been constructed during the present
fiscal year, one at Encinal, one at Seama, and one at Santa Anna. These
new plants are on the par with anything to be found in the Indian Ser
vice and will enable us to keep the children at those points in regular
attendance. The school plant at Zia is a portable type of building which
has been repaired by building an adobe wall around the frame walls. The
construction of the roof was not satisfactory and the building is now in
a very poor state of repair.
On the whole our schools are in better condition at this time than
they have ever been at any time in the past. The graduates from the Day
Schools are accommodated at the Albuquerque Boarding School, Santa Fe
Boarding School and Mission Schools located in this district. Their im
mediate outlook is good and there is no reason why every Indian child in
the District who is capable of acquiring a high school education should
not receive at least that much school.
There is only one mission school under the jurisdiction of this
Agency and it maintains a very satisfactory standard of instruction in
accordance with the program laid dovn for day schools in the Indian Ser
vice.
The morality of the Indians and their progressiveness is satisfac
