14- Hopiencouraged to plant more cherries, plums, apples, etc., to put inmore grapes, and to plant special trees from nearby agriculturalexperiment stations,These Indians have market facilities for everythingthey can raise, and they usually get good prices for everythingthey sell. They also trade extensively with adjacent Indian tribes,getting good prices or products for their manufactured articles,such as silverware, blankets, pottery, baskets, etc. We have a numberof licensed traders and others who take everything these Indiansoffer for sale. The dealings of these traders seem to be fair andsquare although I sometimes think that some of these traders puttoo high a price on subsistence supplies, Our traders are wayabove the average in character, I believe.We have no saw mill project or merchantable timber onthe reservation. Mr. Kinney made a survey and says we have nomerchantable timber or timber to warrant a mill.We have a number of ruins, buried ancient Indiancommunities or homes. We have no cliff dwellings.We have no Indian fairs. We believe that if theseIndians exhibit it should be at a county or state fair, in conpetition with the whites.We have had no celebrations on the reservation duringthe year, excepting as ceremonial dances may be so named.All the land on the reservation is owned and reservedfor the Indians. They can graze their stock wherever they wish totake it. Indian stock is seen all over the reservation and is notconfined to any particular part of it. These people regulate thisin a way that serves their best advantage and prevents having muchtrouble over the land.We have had no Indians employed during the past yearunder the supervision of anyone excepting our own organization,There are not enough places for employment either on or off thereservation for all our Indians. We have many who go to thelumber camps each year; a number work on the railroads. We havebeen especially fortunate and successful in placing a number ofour returned students in places along the railroad, especiallyplaces which could be filled by girls, who are in great demand as