In construing the rule which limits to 4,800 acres the amount whichany one person, fim, or corporation may lease, it is recommended that theacreage leased by any officer or director of a company be charged against thecompany, and vice versa; also, that the acreage be charged in the case ofstockholders owing 40 or more per cent of the stock. The acreage of companieshaving common stockholders owning a majority of the stock of each company shouldbe charged against each other, or in case such companies have one or more commonofficers or directors. In all other cases each corporation will be considereda separate and distinct entity.The form of mining lease for tribal lands was adopted a number ofyears ago and applies to various kinds of minerals. It is believed that anew form should be adopted applicable to oil and gas mining leases only. Adraft of lease has been prepared and is submitted for sonsideration. As drawnit provides for a term of five years and for an additional five years in theevent oil or gas is being produced in paying quantities. A sliding scale ofroyalties on oil is provided, varying from 12 to 25 per cent according tograde and quantity of oil produced, The rate of royalty on utilized gas wellsis 123 per cent with a minimum annual payment of$ 300, A.rate of 123 per centbased on the market value of the gasoline conterts is provided for casing- headgas when used in the manufacture of gasoline. The lessee is required to drilla well within the first year unless the time is extended by the Secretary ofthe Interior on the payment of a rental of$ 1 per acre per annum for each year'sdelay. In the event the first well is a dry hole the lessee is required todrill a second well within a year from the completion of the first unless theSecretary extends the time. The re are also included the provisions in the MidWe st lease relative to non- producing wells which may have usable water beingtumed over to the reservation and the agreement of the lessee. to keep highwaysused by him in as good condition as he finds them. It is recommended that theform be approved.In order to prevent leases being divided by assignment and partethe re of held without development on the ground that development on another partinures to the benefit of all the land covered by the lease, it is believedthat no assignment of a divided interest in the lease should receive favorableconsideration but that the lessee should assign either his whole interest oran undivided interest in the whole lease in order to receive favorable consideration thereof. It is recommended accordingly.Cordially yours,E. B. MERITT,Acting Commissioner.APPROVED: April 24, 1923.HUBERT WORK,SecretaryEOS-2( 5336)