1
1
Commissioner 4.
We have eight judges allowed for this jurisdiction.
We had only two last year, however, and one court at San
Juan Pueblo. This court held sessions as needed and adjusted
many minor difficulties very satisfactorily to both the
Indians and myself. This year we are contemplating the es
tablishment of two more courts, one at Taos and one at
Santa Clara Pueblo. We expect to conduct them in a more formal
manner than we did last year so that, if any oriticism
arises, we will be in a better position to answer than we
would have been last year had such arisen.
There are nine Catholio ohurohes located at the
various pueblos. These are looked after by various priests
in the vicinity. Practically all the Indians under the juris
diction are nominal, if not aotive, Catholics and all attend
services with more or less regularity.
Prohibition law is having beneficial results. So far
as I know no liquor has been introduced on the pueblo grants
since I have been here, though I have had a few reports con
cerning Jamaica Ginger, extracts and other proprietary prep
arations of this nature. Investigations, however, have shown
that very little, if any, of this stuff is dispensed among
the Indians. These Indians are home people and do not leave
the Pueblo grants very frequently, except to go to the near
by towns to prooure the necessaries of life, or to nearby
places where employment can be obtained. They do not go to
procure liquor so far as I know. The State authorities are
endeavoring to suppress the liquor traffto with an average
degree of success. There are, I think, a few illicit stills
in the country but I have no definite information as to the
location of any of these and I do not think that very much
intoxicating liquor is being manufactured. The agency phy
sician as well as myself have commissions as deputy special
officers, and I do not believe it advisable or desirable
that any others be appointed at this time under this juris
diction. Neither tulapai or tiswin is manufactured by our
Indians. Peyote is used only at Taos and in small quantities.
We have not been able to ascertain where they obtain it
other than that those who return from the beet fields in
Colorado and the lumber mills in Northern New Mexico bring
it in with them. I presumė they get it from people there
who deal in such articles. I do not believe that any white
people in this vicinity have taken up its use. The matter
of the purchase and use of extracts and proprietary medicines
for beverage purposes has been considered heretofore and
it appears to me that no legislation, either State or Federal,
is necessary to handle the liquor situation more effectively
than It is now being handled. We have sufficientlaw, it is
merely a question of law enforcement at this time, and the
