Sean ConchaDamian Corizpeerenhyarsl' UWell it' s been four long exciting years and finally it istime to meet life after high school, the real world.Though I really have no clue what life will bring myway, I do know that high school has really made animpact on my life. I have studied new subjects and Ihave met many great people. I would like to thank allmy teachers for their help in the classrooms. I wouldlike to thank my entire family for their support.Thanks to my little sister for being there and forbeing who she is. I would also like to thank all myfriends, with out you guys classes would not havebeen as good as they were. That' s everyone I evertalked to during class while we ignored importantfacts just to throw in some laughs. Also thanks tothe crew who was always there for everything, Ki,Tanner, Paige, Manson, and anyonewho ever kicked it at the tree, goodtimes. Thanks to Tasha for havingsomeone I could relate to in this insaneworld, you' re my escape when it' schaos. Everyone I mentioned my success and helped me of every time I fell.THANKS, Congrats 2005." TowardsDestiny"- Tiger ArmyT!SFISASFISDesiree CorizRachel CorizFirst I would like to thank all of you who believe inme and never failed me. I will remember all of you.To my Mommy and Daddy I love you Both SOmuch. Without you two I wouldn' t be the person!am today( your Angel) thank you. To the 1 in mylife, remember it never fades. Thank you forbelieving in me and never giving up when thingsgot rough, I LOVE YOU BABY! To my family thankyou for everything you have done for me. I did it!Thank you all for pushing me to do my best ateverything I did.( Quel) To all of my teachers hereat SFIS thanks you all for everything, from theteachings to the words of advice it all means somuch thank you all. To all my friends keep it real.To the underclassmen DON' T GIVE UP!Bea, Girl you' re young, have fun and besafe I love you and I' ll always be here.To all my girls: Gabe( Bird), hey girlthanks for all of the laughs and goodtimes. Thank you for always beingthere. To Ungie, I love you so much.You' re the best. Shanena, girl thanksfor every thing I love you. To the class of 2005 WEDID IT!ESFISUngelbah DavilaJenna Duran" Other peoples' idea of who you are and who youshould be usually have nothing to do with the Truthof your Being. You can buy into the limitation ofthese ideas or not."- P. Taah To the class of 2005,will the strength to love one another and stay trueto the things that makes us unique and beautiful.To the underclassmen I will the gift of self- expression, individuality, empowerment and courage. I willRachel my love bugs. I will Ryan the pot of gold atthe end of the rainbow. I will Jannica my sanity. Iwill Candice my senioritis. I will April Kansa, Kokoand my cabaret. To the staff I will the motivation togo on even after I' ve left. I will Jeff a private golfcourse. I will Kambeitz my philosophical approachto the universe. I will Beth a" 100 freehugs coupon." I will Castro a Mexicandisco and all my muskrat love. I will Ms.Guerin a garden of roses and an Englishmanor. I will Ms. Gulibert a house on thebeach and to all the teachers I will a lifetime more sunsets and happiness.Thank God I' m almost free!Well first of all I would like to thank my bestfriend my mom, for always pushing me to domy best and striving for the best. I wouldalso like to thank my family for telling meevery day that I' m someone special. To mylove Corey thanks for all the laughs when Iwas feeling down. Thanks for all the loveyou' ve given me and much more. I love you!To my friends Jenae, Britina, Yvette andRussell thanks for letting me know that Ihave friends I can count on. I love you guys!To all the seniors WE MADE IT!! After all thathard work, it paid off. To the lower classeskeep your head up, never give upno matter how hard the work gets.Bye always meSFISSFISAllen GachupinPaulette Electric Warrior4 years, never obeyed the school bell,always tardy, always got caught eating smarties. Never will be a friend like" thegodfather"( Preston Loretto). Never will be amob like the one here at SFIS( Derrick, Wolf,Jiron, Mario). Never will it feel like familyagain, so I' d like to say gracias for beingfriends and brothers even if I never got busted like you. To the mob back home, everyone in the family mostly my mother andgrandfather, THANKS! My time here is done,by battle here is won, Seniors we did it. Wemade it to the end. Looking back onall those years we shared to the oneI called angel( Denika), which alwayscared. To the English teacher thatFISFISIgave me the strength to push myselfto the max, Ms. Guerin. To theBaseball team, play hard even if I amnot there. Hope that you bring aState Championship home.