11Industries.valley. Of course the money earned by these people helps thereservation people and is continually making these people morethrifty and putting them in better condition. Each year moreIndians accept work off the reservation. For a while duringthis year the position of Labor Agent was established and wehad fine results in getting a great many people off the reservation into remunerative industries. That position was abolishedunfortunately and since that time very few Indians have beensent away because it is hard to get them to act on their owninitiative, going out into strange communities without theassistance or guidance of a government representative. Thisposition should be re- established here and made permanent andcontinuous. It would be a wonderful help towards citizenizingthese Indians and also towards solving the labor problem in theSalt River valley.These Indians do not have very much farm equipment butthey are continually adding to what they do have. They buysome of this stuff every year on their own initiative. Theyget a little under reimbursable agreements. This past yearMrs. Anita Baldwin of Santa Anita, California, gave them twocar loads of farm equipment, which was distributed among them.This aided them considerably. As they see this equipment usedand note the results from its use they will demand more of it.( a) These Indians could use additional stock but do not want togo in debt for it. They prefer to keep out of debt. We areencouraging them to purchase their own livestock under thesupervision of the stockman. Many of them are doing this,selecting their own stock with the assistance of our stockman.They do not seem to want to use reimbursable funds.( b) Reimbursable funds have been used for stock and wagons but they weresold only to those who were in position to pay for them. Weuse some of this money for purchase of bulls also. We are havingno trouble in collecting this money for most of these people areeither quite well to do or are earning money from freighting,selling the schools beef, etc.( c) The horse stock has receivedconsiderable attention from the stockman during the past yearin an earnest endeavor to get better teams and better teamingequipment for handling freight. We have urged the killing offof the smallest and poorest horse stock and the purchase of horsesmore suited for hauling freight, etc. They badly need a fewgood stallions and a better grade of mares. They also need toget rid of a number of poor horses they now have. Many of themare horse poor, especially the Navajos. These unfit horsesdestroy ranges that could be used for sheep and cattle.Duringthe past two years the loco weed has taken a large toll fromthese horses, killing a great many. I believe this, with ourefforts to improve the horse stock, is making conditions bettereach year. I notice more good work teams every year. We have