Section IVIndustries( Cont'a)The superintendent of this agency has gone on recordspecifically in his recommendations, but little attentionapparently has been paid to same, or it may have beenreferred to the District Superintendent, who in turnpossibly may have been requested to confer with the FredHarvey people and with Dx. Hewitt, the president of theSchool of American Research. It looks at the presenttime as though this delay was unnecessary and that therecomaendations of the superintendent have not been givenproper considerationThe Assistant Secretary of the Interior recentlyvisited the Puye Clifts, not with the superintendent ofthis agency, but with the superintendent of the FredHarvey Detours. What his impression of the Fred Harveypeople may be is unknown to the writer, All of the information that he seoured must have been received largelyfrom the Harvey representative and not from this office.The Indians have filed a protest with the Indianoffice, and it is to be hoped that some adjustment willbe made whereby the Indians will receive soine compensationfrom the thousands of visitors who will visit these ruinsduring the year.22. The Indians hold no regular fairs, but Join in theSanta Fe fiesta which comes some time the latter part ofAugust.23. As stated in the beginning, each pueblo has anannual fiesta, which, in addition to the Santa Fe fiesta,18 about all of the celebrations that these Indiansparticipate in.24. It will be impossible to substitute any celebrationfor the anmal fiesta held at each pueblo.25.As heretofore stated, Santa Clara and Santo Domingoare the only two pueblos that have leased any grazingland during the past year.26. A number of Pueblo Indians are employed in this cityin various capacities: one is an engineer at St. VincentsSanatorium, another is employed by the New Mexico PowerCompany, another is employed in a laundry, and others indifferent places. Ano ther Indian is employed in atrader's store at San Juan. A few of these Indians goannually to the beet fields, which, I understand, ismanaged by Wr. Dagenett.