- 2-I have looked over the office copy of the census andof course could prepare a copy as stated in my letter. However,the only copy of census that I can find in this office is for.the year 1924. No reports of births nor deaths have been keptThe best informed employee is Marcus Kanuho, so far as Indianconditions are concerned and he is wholly at a loss to knowwho has died and who were born during the past year.with reference to the school census I shall be pleasedto submit a census of the pupils who were in school last year.As a matter of fact we are preparing a census of this characternow. This will show what pupils were in the local school aswell as those who were attending at other schools. There isno da ta, however, as to the number of pupils on the reservationwho are incapacited and otherwise inelligible for school. Paragraph 4 however, of page 7 can be filled out since this duplicates the information which is contained on the school census.This will be forwarded immediately, also paragraphs 5, 6, 7,8, 9, 10 and 11 can be filled out. I regret that it is notpossible to give the office all the information. I hope, however, to be able tn the course of a few months to have suchinformation in the office as will permit an intelligent andaccurate annual report.In looking over the statisticalreport of 1925, I wouldinvite your attention to the fact that the total populationis estimated as 1, 183. I would invite your attention to thefact in this connection that the Indians in the vicinity ofShon To Springs have been counted as Indians of the LeuppJurisdiction. They range, however, from 7 to 15 miles Northof the line between this and the Hopi jurisdiction. Theyhave never lived on the South side of that line. As a matterof fact Shon To Springs are some 7 or 8 miles north of the lineand the range country seems to be North rather than South ofthese springs. From information which is reasonably reliableI find that there are a considerable number of people in thisvicinity, including approximately60 school children. TheseIndians have been included here tof' ore in the Leupp Jurisdiction.I am not trying to take exception to the method in whichthe report was rendered last year. It is merely ny purposeto call attention to the fact that it is not accurate. Justas soon as the purchase of cars is authorized for this jurisdiction, I will make a detailed survey of the reservation inan attempt to find out as accurately as possible the number ofpeople, the amount of property which they have, where they live