Circular No. 1604.July 1, 1926HOPI INDIANAGENCYANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVESECTIONSection IIII- Industries.-Our program for the advancement of these Indians is thebetterment of their flocks and herds and the fencing of landfor farming and gardening lands. The principal industry ofthese people, both Hopi and Navajo, is the raising of sheepand selling of wool. “ Cattle raising comes second. We havebuilt new dipping vats, added new stock, and are increasingthe crop acreage in our efforts to better the conditions.Weare doing fine along these lines. We are encouraged by anincrease in the quantity and in the quality of the wool soldto traders. We are also making strong efforts to completelyeliminate scab on this reservation. We have dipped over 12,000sheep four times the past year in our efforts to get rid ofthe scab. The Indians do not complain of our regular chargefor these dippings. This fiscal year we have done considerabledourine work on the reservation. During April and May we ranthree outfits, testing a great many horses. We find as aresult of that work this year that dourine is increasing andthat unless the government provides an adequate appropriationand attempts the elimination of this disease at one time, thedisease will not be overcome or eliminated. The small appropriation made each year by congress is not sufficient to do enoughwork to make any gain on this disease. Something like forty orfifty thousand dollars should be appropriated at one time anda strong effort made to cover the entire Navajo country in anearnest indeavor to clean up the disease and kill the reactors.I believe these Indians are making special efforts to getbetter horses, goats, cattle, and sheep.The farming operations on this reservation are confinedto the raising of corn, melons, and fruit by both tribes.see a greater acreage in all these things every year and ifthese people could through some method get barbed wire enoughto fence their crops, protecting them from damage by loose stock,twice the acreage would be planted. This barbed wire is theirgreatest need. If they had barbed wire they would put in twiceas big an acreage and try out such things as alfalfa. Damageby loose stock is a terrific handicap to overcome. I believethat half of their crops each year is destroyed by this stockwhich travels for miles just to eat up a corn field.( a) This