13.The reservation is not adaptable for the use of dairy cattle,but considerable might be accomplished in extending the use of dairy goats.The Indians uso goat milk a great deal, but more general uso might bedeveloped it improved miloh goats were introducod.( a) Tho dairy industry might be further developed among theIndians by emphasizing ita importance to the health of the family in ourschools and at our Chapter meetings. Also by aiding the Indians insocuring sires which will allow breeding up the goats they not havo.( b) Dairy herds are not maintained at our schools.( o) Not applicable.( a) Many of our Indians have sufficient funds to purchase milchCONS, but conditions will not permit their use of such stock. Milch goatswould be very suitable, and the Indians are being encouraged to maintainsuch animals.14.The Navajo Indians of this jurisdiction engage in blanket weaving, andsilversmith work, and by means of these industries obtain an annual revenue ofapproximately$ 296,000.15.The work of returned students compares very favorably with that ofother Indians. In many respects they, of course, have quite an advantage,since their school training enables them to make a nearer approach to thewhite man's standard of living. However, in their endeavor to maintain thisstandard, they are at a somewhat disadvantage in acquiring flocks and otherproperty. Considering all interests of the Navajos, the returned studentsrepresent quite an advance over those who have never been to school.16.The farmers, stockmen, and other field employees dovote practicallyall of their time to promoting the interests of the adult population. Mostof their effort is directed towards advancing industrial activities, such asimprovement of stock, development of water, agricultural extension, homebuilding, etc. However, they must necessarily give quite a little attentionto phases of health work, school work, law and order, and other miscellaneousaffairs. The greater portion of their time is spent with the Chapterorganizations. Their work is of a definite character, and is entirely of aconstructive nature.17.For purposes of administration, the jurisdiction is divided intothirty Chapter districts which, in turn, are divided into five farmer- stockmendistricts. A farmer or stockman is assigned to each of these larger districts,and has under his immediate supervision the six Chapter organizations. Theseorganizations meet at regular times each month, and the farmer or stockman isalways in attendance. By these means he is able to keep in close con tactwith all his people, and keep acquainted with conditions relating to them.Owing to the great population of this jurisdiction, these field employeesmust necessarily be assigned to very large and populous districts which averagea million acres each, with over three thousand Indian population. It is apparent that mo re field help is required. I have urged that five additionalstockmen positions be authorized. It is extremely important that this bedone by the beginning of the next fiscal year, Three of our farmers and- 15-