18- HopiTHE USE OF LANDS:All the lands of this reservation are used by theseIndians. None are leased for any purpose. We have no outsidestock on the reservation and never have had.We have no forest activities or forester here.Indians cut all our wood for the six school plants, all the tiesand props for our mines, posts and poles for our bridges and vats,etc. This constitutes all our forest activities.We have no surplur lands. Our Indians need all thisland for their own use. We have no allotments on the PublicDomain. We are not asking for any.We have no land sales of any kind. No lands haveever been patented or sola, excepting the mssion land at Oraibi.We have done considerable water developrent this year,with the co- operation and assistance of the Irrigation departmentin fact, they have done most of the work. This was developmentof springs and see pages out on the reservation- building of dirttanks or reservoirs, placing of tanks and wind mills at vats,digging wells, etc. Two marked and important pieces of work werethe dug wells here at Keans Canyon and the Oraibi day school-both very successful in that they give to these two places anabundant supply of water and proper equipment to furnish thatsupply to our school plants and Indians.The conference on water development in Albuquerque,with Major Post, was a fine thing and resulted in a definite andthorough understanding of the needs of the Navajo country and acomplete program for presentation to Congress for proper funds tofinance it. Under this arrangement Hopi Reservation is to get,over a period of three to five years, the following waterImprovements: 66 dirt reservoirs; 64 springs developed; 23 dugwells, besides other minor improvements such as new windmills,etc.On June 10 a conference was held at Keans Canyon, atwhich wir. Zeh, of the forest department, Mr. Womack of theIrrigation department, and the Hopi Reservation stockamen, Indiansand superintendent, were present. At this conference certainimprovements within a certain territory on this reservation were