NARRATIVE REPORT.
0
Section2.
Health.
As has been outlined in more detail before in this
report, as is also the subject of especial request, hospital
facilities for the tubercular cases in this jurisdiction is
the one most needed and most urgent factor that should receive
attention. No more ideal location in the country could be
found for the location of a tubercular sanatorium than in this
valley. The active cases among the Indians of this jurisdiction
would f111 a thirty or forty bed hospital the day it is opened.
wa en the Indians of this jurisdiction saw what we could accom
plish under sanatorium treatnent, we would have no difficulty
in keeping such a sanatorium filled to capacity, not to men
tion the gases among other Indians in the country north of
here, Navajos, Apaches, etc, who could also be hospitalized
for tuberculosis, in the event that it was deemed advisable
to do so. We need additional Field Matrons. The pueblos
of Taos, Picuris, San Juan, Santa Clara and San Ildefonso
should each have a resident Field Matron. At present there
is only the one Tiela Matron where there should be five. The
Field patron located at San Ildefonso could also work with
the people of the Nambe and resuque pueblos in cases of emer
gency. The proper sort of a woman could accomplish so very
much for our Indians working as she does with the Indian women
in their own homes. All of the many intermediate steps in the
elevation of the hone hygiene and sanitation, and in the care
of the sick, more especially of the children; -in bringing the
standard up to the point that must obtain before we can hope
to lower the mortality rate in the preventable and curable
diseases, these lessons must be taught and learned in the home,
and by the Indian women, and in no other way can they be taught
other than by the practteal demonstrations as can be exhibited
by the Field Matron. The appointment of two additional Field
Matrons, so that we may have one in Taos, San Juan and Santa
Clara is absolutely imperative. Two others, one stationed
at Picuris, the other at San Ildefonso are necessary in order
to give the health work the proper attention.
The above report on Health conditions has been prepared
by Dr. Brook, the physician located at Espanola.
We have only one Field Hatron and during 1920 she was
located at the San Juan Pueblo. Her principal work has been care
of the sick, though she has devoted some time to the teaching
of canning, cocking, sewing and proper care of the home. During
the five months preceding the close of the year she visited each
home daily. Comparison with former years cannot be made for the
reason that I do not know what was done in former years.
As before stated we have only one Field llatron'for the
entire jurisdiction and she has been located at San Juan. One
employe of this character is entirely insufficient for the
jurisdiotion. There should be at least three and one at eaoh
Pueblo is preferable. This would make seven. The inhabitants of the
