Mt. Pleasant SchoolMichiganANNUAL REPORTNARRATIVE SECTIONSection III------- SchoolsThe feeling existing between the public school authoritiesand of our Indian school is of the very best. The departmentof education has extended every courtesy to us.There are not many children in the State of Michigan whoare not in reach of public school. The necessity for the Mt.Pleasant Boarding School is not that of furnishing schoolingfor children not in reach of public school but in reaching thosethose whose home conditions are such that they cannot attendapublic school. It is more in the nature of an orphan institution than that of probably any other school of its kind in theService. There is considerable poverty and distress in certainsections and this, with the orphans, the children from brokenhomes, almost constitute our enrollment.The school plant is in need of a new auditoriurn and aremodeling of the school building. The remodeling of theschool building needs. to take into consideration the additionof the ninth grade and possibly one or two more grades, andthe making of a library available for the pupils. Our libraryat the present time is outside of the school building under thegymnasium, a very undesireable place. With a new auditorium,costing$ 17, 000 and the remodeling of the present schoolbuilding, estimated at$ 6, 000 our academic work could becarried on much more successfully than it is at the presenttime. There is needed also a cottage for the physician who İXnow has no quarters and is required to live downtown. Theschool farm is in fair condition and by rotation of crops thesoil is being built up to a greater degree of fertility. Thiswill take some time but can be handled by proper rotationwith alfalfa as one of the leading crops. The employees aresufficient in number to carry on the work.. There is more successful iar academic Worent scho01The character of graduates is quite good and the prospectsof their finding work is quite bright on account of the largenumber of industries in this state.There are no mission or contract school under the supervision of this office.The morality and progressiveness of the local Indiancommunity can be rated as good.Where pupils are not in any school attention of thismatter is called to the county commissioner of education whoimmediately sends the truant officer out and the children areplaced in some school if physically able. Incorrigible pupils