LAST WORDSI would first like to start by saying thank you to all the people who helped me get through myyears, but a big thank you to my parents. You both have been the ones to show me whatsucceeding is, how life can be with both good and bad. You both stuck by my side and helpedme through many things. I thank you so much for everything you have done. To my big sisterand brother, thanks for always keeping a smile on my face, to be there when I needed you, andto show me the strength to keep going. To my nieces and nephews, another thanks for being aninspiration to complete this year and to show me so much love. I love you all so much. Thankyou for all you have done for me. To all my friends for making my school years fun andfunnier, thank you. I appreciate all you have done. To the Senior Class of 2011, oh my gosh,we made it! Congratulations! I wish you all the best of luck in life. May you be successful inlife. Show people you can go beyond their expectations.SFISAngelicaAbeitaWow, it' s finally here! Class of 2011, we made it! I would not have kept my head up and madeit this far without my family, friends and teachers. To my family, thank you so much for thecourage and beauty. My beautiful mother Yolanda, I am your creation. With your blessings Iam doing it. I' m trying to live for what you gave me. To my friends who have been there fromthe start: Tanya, Tenaya, Daph( Babe!), Rachel( Rocho), Di, uh... Shquidward( Sam) andall the others if I missed you, thank you. To my poetry family, love you all so much! Keepspittin' and speaking magic! Because SFIS poets are the CRAZIEST. To Santana and Clara,my sisters, we have gone through a lot! I wish the best and to keep in touch. To my greatestteachers, McLaughlin, Madi, Nolan and the late Francine, thank you for your wisdom! To mykidos: Anthony, Crucita, Jasper, and TJ, keep your heads up and keep doing good! We did itClass of 2011!ArielAntoneLove ArielThanks to all the homies on the block!! Thanks to my friends who have stuck by my sidethrough all the years!! My daughters, Tanya and Tenaya, my sister Angel, my best friendKiana AKA Bird, and all the other homies, thank you. Thanks to all the teachers I' ve had forputting up with my craziness. Special thanks to Rudy Bentz AKA Mama Bentz. I love you forlife. Thank you for helping me when I needed it. The burritos, too. I would also like to thankMrs. Salvatierra( Mom), Miera, Kambeitz, Saiz, Aleman, John Cammarata( myphilosophical boyfriend), Longetieg, Hartman and the other teacers for being by my side tohelp me through high school. Everyone keep in touch!! Bookface me!! We did it class of 2011!!SFISJacindaAtencio