1
( 20)
HEALTH
:
The first Annual Report prepared by the present superintendent,
that for 1912, gave the HOPI population as 2068 and the NAVAJO AB
2000. The population figures for Nava jo Indians of the Moqui
jurisdiction has a lways been an estimate. At that time all the
Hopi were not listed. There was no census of the Hotevilla Hopi
and it was afterward found that the census lists for all the
mesa Hopi were very inaccurate. During the next year a complete
list of the Hotevilla was made, and not without considerable strife
that in former years would have been termed a Hopi war. It was
not until 1917 that the census liste for the First Mesa, Second
Mesa and Oraibi( including the Chimopovy village) were completely
revised. It is believed that the present Hopi census is as
accurate as one can be made. That for 1918, figures given in
the Statistical Section of the Annual Report for 1918, showed
2285 Hopi( not all residing on the reservation). These figures
were considerably revised by the epidemic of Spanish Influenza
that began here October 4 and continued until after January 1, 1919.
My report of February 1, 1919( Influenza) showed that 135 Hopi had
succumbed to this disease during the three months-- Oct.Nov.& Dec.18.
Prior to this severe epidemic, the Hopi had suffered a smallpox
visitation--- that of January, February and Marah 1918. A determined
effort to stamp out this old dread( which in 1898 had decima ted the
tribe) resulted in a complete vaccination of all those Hopi present
who had not had smallpox.
Prior to this smallpos epidemic, the Hopi during the summer of 1917
had once again been visited by measles, and among these people
measles is a disease much worse than smallpoz. Rigid quarantine
measures, that at times partook of all the phases of a shotgun
guard, resulted in confining the disease to the villages of the
Second Mesa. Whereas in 1911 several hundreds of children had
died of measles( when no quarantine was attempted and no field
hospital established), in 1917 not more than 20 children died.
The above comment is made for the reason that some policy should
be adopted to control epidemios in these closely crowded villages.
Equipment should be placed at the superintendent's command in
order that he might promptly check such epidemics. The equipment
necessary would be a hospital ward for each of the mesas, in which
could be placed cases of contagious or infectious disease at once.
These buildings need not be of pretentious style and would not cost
an extraordinary
sum. They should be so constructed as to have
a ward for about ten beds, physicians
office and drug- room,
