Employmont District No. 4 covers the following Jurisdictionet
Arizona, -the Navajo Service, Leupp, Hopi.
New Mexico- the Navajo Service, Zuni, Jicarilla, United Pueblos.
Colorado- Consolidated Ute,.
Utah- The Navajo Service.
Indian Population, approximately 70,000.
According to letter dated June 19, 1936, signed by Mr. E. L. Compton,
Aeting Director of Maployment, plans are being made to extend the Jurisdiction
of this District to cover a portion of Texes.
The District Office is maintained at the corners of Puerdo and Coal Ayonuo,
Gallup, New Mexico.
The personnel of this district office consists of one Senior kmployment Agent
and one clerk.
According to the above mentioned office letter, there is a possibility of
one more employment agent being assigned to this district.
The primary function of this Servioe is to find employment in private in
dustries for skilled and semi- skilled Indians regardless of their tribe or
home reservation. However, the majority of our time during the l'isoal year,
1936, has been taken up with in- Service placements. We have, nevertheless,
made considerable progress in placing Indians in private industries. Through
the efforts of this office Indians have been given employment with the Railway
Company, lumber companies, hotels, garages, cabinet shops, shoe repair shops,
newspaper offices, in private homes, and with building contractors who employ
carpenters, plumbers, stone masons, plesterers, stationary engineers, boiler
makers, and skilled workmen in other trados. A number of office employees have
been placed with privato concerns, several salesmen and saleswomen in retail
stores. Humbrous silversmiths and weavers have been placed with curio stores
and arts and crafts dealers throughout the district.
Possibly the greatest number of placements has been made with the A. T.
& S. F. Railway Company, this being the result of mumerous contacts and the
careful selection of men in filling orders, The Fred Harvey system, which is
also connected with the A. T.& S. F. Railway has been very cooperative in
placing Indian boys in its hotels and restaurants, as well as in its arts and
crafts departments at Grand Canyon, Albuquerque, and other points.
A great deal of time has been spent in attempting to place Indians on
State Highway projects in New Mexico and Arizona. It was necessary to accom
plish this through the offices of the National and State Re- employment services
1t being necessary for us to register non- reservation Indians in their offices,
after which we found it necessary to follow up these registrations very closel;
to see that the Indians were given consideration along with non- Indian applica)
