94)Schools( continued)Hopi Indian AgencyThere do es not seem to be very much trouble between the interminglingof the two tribes on the reservation. Now and then there are so me misunderstandings or some tribal trouble but not much. There is practically notrouble between the Indians and whi tes.The total expenditures for the past fiscal year has been less than thefiscaly year before with the exception of the money allowed for improvements,such as water development, electric plant, etc. So far as accomplishing moreeffective results for this year is concerned over those of last, I do not layit to the expenditures. It is because of more concentrated efforts towardshelping the Indians on the part of the employees and the inculcation of adesire for better results among our agency and school employees.We have very fine play- ground apparatus at all the schools and they arealways used when the kids are on the grounds, both in and out of school hours.They are of big help to the children. We have no systematic supervision ofsu ch activities. The girls have the same facilities that the boys have. Forinstance, at the boarding school at the canyon the girls have playgroundequipment for their use next to their dormitory and they use it night andday, Sundays as well as other days.In my opinion it will be necessary to continue the se schools on this reservation for many years. It is my judgment that money put into such schools aswe have here brings far better results than the same amount of money put innon- reservation schools, so far as our children are concerned. These dayschools here have been the means of making Christians and good self- supportingcitizens out of pagans in the Hopi districts. 20 years ago I came throughhere and remained long enough to get acquainted with conditions. When I cameback here three years ago I was atonished at the progress made by these Hopis.Everyone says that the reason for this change for the better is the influenceof these day schools. If the Navajos had the same school facilities in theirdistricts, their improvement would be as marked as the Hopis in the same numberof years.There is no schooling for these reservation people as effective orsatisfactory to them as schooling on their own reservation, in their own country, with their children continually bringing what they learn in school to theIndian homes and to their people.Respectfully subrattobayanya/ Thein,CabaresheinELM; WVdpar K. Miller, Supt.