Indian SchoolCloses EarlyFor IllnessHow Do IFeelWhen I' mSick?By Tom Milliganbasketball coach at the school, saidAnd Camille Floresattendance was way down this weekbefore the decision to close wasJOURNAL STAFF WRITERSmade. Many students had alreadySanta Fe Indian School officials been sent home.said Thursday they have canceled “ We' re shutting down, we' re soall classes and athletic events and sick that we don' t even have enoughsent students home a week early for kids to make it worthwhile," heChristmas vacation because of a said." Even the kids we had onwidespread outbreak of an illness campus were walking around sick."similar to flu.Because Santa Fe Indian School" We' re just starting our vacation has students from New Mexico anda week early, just to keep this from neighboring states, transporationgetting worse," said Ron Porter- had to be arranged to get thefield, the school' s athletic director. students home. Most of the school' s" It' s something that was recom- 500 students are boarders.mended by Indian Public Health" We' re transporting them a lot ofService aftor they became aware of different ways. We' re going to runthe number of cases here.... We' re some buses into Arizona and transsending everybody home. Every- port kids a lot of different places,"thing' s canceled."said Abeyta, who is the brother ofDr. Robert Linking, an school superintendent Josephepidemiologist with the State Abeyta.Health Department, said a doctor at Students who live in the area werethe Santa Fe Indian Hospital re taken home by their families. Theported Thursday that about ono superintendent could not bequarter of the school' s students and reached for comment Thursday.one- third of the staff had been" It started about a week ago.striken with an influenzalike ill. we' ve been trying to hang on, butness.it' s just not worth it anymore,"Adminstrators at Indian Public Abeyta said. “ Not only are the kidsHealth Services, which is at the sick but our staff is sick as well."Santa Fe Indian Hospital next to the Two boys and girls varsity andIndian School on Cerrillos Road, junior varisty basketball gamesconfirmed those statistics Thurg- have been canceled. “ There' s no useday night.of playing the games when you' reThere' s no way to tell whether all sick," Abeyta said. The Runnin'the students were stricken with the Braves boys team, defending AAsame illness, because 80 many state champions, was beaten by St.viruses circulate at this time of Michael' s 81- 68 Wednesday. Theyear, ” said Dr. Millicent Eidson, an girls squad lost to St. Mike' s 94- 43.environmental epidemiologist for Porterfield said both Indian Schoolthe state health department. No squads were bampered by illness.particular strain of flu is suspect in Porterfield said all freshman andthe outbreak, she said.Francis Abeyta, a baseball and MORE: S0 ILLNESS on PAGE 3When I' m sick, Ifeel like I' m a prisoner in an unknownplace. I can' t do anything because Iburned out tooquickly and tire easily. I' feel very sadbecause my throathurts even more.Also when you aresick it is practicallyimpossible for you totalk to your friends.If you do, theymight become sicktoo. You becomegrouchy and moodyand everyone thinksyou might be angryát them. If theycome to talk to you,you end up snappingback at them likeyou' re saying, “ Getaway from me. ” Soin other words,when you are sick,youfeel," TERRIBLE! ”Illness Forces SF Indian School To Closethe games are district games or are day reported flu cases in publicCONTINUED FROM PAGE 1games that we have to play, but schools are on the increase, but sojunior high basketball games bave we' re going to try to make them up far haven' t reached" huge numalso been scrapped. if we can."bers." He said none of the district' s" I' m going to try to reschedule if Santa Fe Public Schools Superin- schools have closed early for thewe can," Porterfield said." None of tendent Edward Ortiz said Thurs- holidays because of the outbreak.39