VZNZNZNEThe Rio Grande ValleyBy ANITA PADILLAIsletaIt was one hot summer day in July that I really saw the beauty of this valley.It was in the middle of the afternoon and everything seemed very quiet and still,except for the z- z- z- ing sound of the cicados in the trees. We are all hunting for acool place. Even the birds and chickens sat with their wings wide open and weretrying to cool off. There were several large cottonwood trees near our house thatmade large shady places, but even then we could not find comfort for the very airfelt like steam heat. As we looked out, we could see the heat waves especially on therailroad tracks. Finally we decided there was no comfort down in the valley,so my chum and I went up to the hills. There it was a little pleasanter for wecould feel the wind. As we looked down into the valley, we could see everythinga beautiful green. The only parts that were not green were the roads, and littlespots of brown where the cattle stood still, half asleep in the scorching sun. Wecould see our house among the trees and two or three others about half a mileapart. These were separated by green fields of corn and alfalfa. As I looked atthese familiar scenes, I realized their beauty as I never had before and the impression has always remained with me.Advice to the Junior GirlsBy JUANICO COJEROThis is my advice to you Junior Girls:Have respect for your teachers and instructors; remember they are your bodyguards in this school.Be on time for formations. Do not take too much of your time powderingyourselves up, for your boy friend will look at you just the same.Be on time for bed checks so that your name may not be on the “ old maid ” list.Turn your lights out at the regular time, for there are plenty of other thingsto be paid for besides lights.Treat your boy friend square, do not make him feel bad by flirting with otherboys.Always turn off the water taps when you are through washing so when Commissioner Scattergood comes around again he would not have to take time shutting them off for you.