1
Southern Pueblos Agency
Albuquerque, New Mexico
" INDUSTRIES"
SECTION IIII
No regular program has been mapped out in this district along indust
rial lines.
I have encouraged the Indians in sheep raising and was allotted$ 10,000
reimbursable money this year for the purchase of sheep. I spent a little over
$ 5,000 of this money in the purchase of sheep for the Sia Indians, and had a
number of other Indians interested, who wanted sheep, but the price was such
that we could not afford to buy them at this time. The Indians at Sia, whom
District Superintendent Faris started in the sheep business two years ago, have
done remarkably well. This year six more have been started in the business,
which makes twelve families now in the Sia Pueblo who have started in the sheep
indu stry, and the results are very promising. They are prompt in the payment of
their indebtedness and their flocks are steadily increasing:
There are no school or agency farms maintained throughout this juris
diction. The Indians in all the pueblos have good agricultural land and are
making good use of it wherever water is available. Some of the reports that
have reached the office are undoubtedly misleading due to the fact that the
pueblos are reported to have several acres of land under ditch and farming but
50% of it. This is not due to the fact that the Indians aro lazy and will not
farm, but it is due to the fact that they do not have a sufficient amount of water
to farm the whole tract. As a rule, they will farm a certain tract this year, and
next year let this tract rest and farm another piece. There is not nearly enough
water for the amount of land that could be cultivated and there never will be.
It seems to me that it is a useless expenditure of money to be dissing
ditches and canals along the land that is subject to cultivation when we cannot
get the water for this land. Where possible, these Indians all have a small
patoh of alf9lfa, fruit trees, and vegetables. I am of the opinion that if the
money that is spent in trying to develope water was spent in the purchase of
sheep, goats, or cattle, we would have better results, For instance- the
Indians of the Laguna district have less water than any of the others and they
are by far the wealthiest Indians and have the best homes and living conditions,
due to the fact that they have branched out in the sheep industry and are making
a decided success of it.
The indebtedness now due the Government, for reimbursable money used
in developing water on these reservations far exceeds the actual value of the
land at the present time, and there is an annual outlay on ditch work that it
seems to me it is prohibitive, If the Indian land of this jurisdiction was
put on the market today, it could not be sold for the amount that is charged
against it from the reimbursable fund. For instance- the drainage canal that
was dug at Isleta. This canal drained a water- logged land it is true, but it
did not increase the agricultural land due to the fact that the Indians had all
the land under cultivation that they had water for. It is useless to try to
encourage them to put more land under cultivation when they know fron actual
experience that there is no water for an increased acreage.
