Morthern
Navage
1934.
Northern Navajo Agency,
Shiprock, New Mexico,
April 9th, 1935.
Statistics
Circ.# 2818
Narrative Section
Annual Statistical Report 1954
Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C.
Dear Mr. Commissioner:
The following is the annual statistical report for the Northern
Navajo Jurisdiction for 1934.
Narrative Section:
The Northern Navajo Indian Reservation comprises about 3,000,000 acres
of mostly semi- arid land in northeastern Arizona, southeastern Utah and northwest
ern New Mexico,
The population of the Northern Navajo Jurisdiction is approximately
9,000 Navajo Indians who are scattered over the entire area.
The jurisdiction was established in 1905 as the San Juan Reservation,
under the administration of Superintendent W. I. Shelton, with the agency at
Shiprock, New Mexico. This agency is located on the San Juan River, 31 miles
west of Farmington, New Mexico. Cortez, Colorado is 41 miles north and Gallup,
New Mexico, the shipping point, is 94 miles south.
The Agency is favorably located. There is a good graveled highway ex
tending from the agency to all points north, east and south. The San Juan Valley,
a very fertile irrigated district is adjacent to the reservation; and vegetables,
fruit, fresh butter and eggs and all farm products are available at very reason
able prices. This makes the operation of schools and hospitals much less expensive
than in districts where such favorable conditions do not exist.
The junction of the three highways approaching Shiprock which formerly
was at the Agency office, almost in the center of the school grounds, has been
removed by the State Highway Department and traffic now is directed around the
school grounds, thus removing a great hazard to the four hundred school pupils
who were constantly exposed to the danger of being run over by trucks and auto
mobiles.
The San Juan River during flood times has constantly been a menace
to
the Agency and Boarding School. Recently, protection work has been done and as
