Section IV- INDUSTRIES( Contia)( b) Practically none of our Indians are financially able to go to local dealers and purchas.necessary farm • quipment on è cash basis, andapparently the dealers are not willing to deliversuch equipment to them on installment terms. TheReimbursable plan ay handlod by the Governmenttherefore gives the Indian an opportunity to securo necessary implements on convenient terms,and no doubt is beneficial to the majority ofthose taking advantage of it.( c) Tork horses owned by our Indians konerallyare small. However, they seem to perform allwork that is required of them and are adequatefor present needs.6. Practically every one of our Pueblos are seriouslybothered at all times by trospassing non- Indian livestock. Thisparticularly is true of Indian owned grazing and non- irrigabl.lands, practically none of which are fenced. It is atory difficultmattor to stop this trespass, and in my opinion, the only of foctivoway of dealing with the situation would be, whore funds can be madeavailablo, to renco those outlying lands.7. All of our Pueblos, with the exception of Picuris,are very favorably situated as to roads, being located on or nearStato highways. Picuris is located some twenty milos off of theSanta Te- Taos Highway over a mountainous country, and during thewinter and spring months, thoso roads become almost impassible. TheIndians of all of the Pueblos do more or less work on the roads withoutin their land possessions.8. There are soven Pueblos under this jurisdiction,and each Pueblo has its own irrigation system or systems. The landsof the Tosuque Pueblo bave in the past beon irrigated by watersfrom the Toruque River. However, at this time, non- Indians higherup this crook appropriato practically the entire flow of the stream,and during low water periods, the Tosuque people have no water fromthis source. The Tosuque River, in its stream- bod, seems to carrya very large supply of underground water, and during the past year,the Indian Irrigation Service completed an open drain and catchbasin system in the bed of this river, which has developed a verynice flow of water, and which has this year been a tremendous benefit to these Indians. They have suffered no shortage of water atall, and apparently have sufficient water for all lands they nowhave undor cultivation. Further development of a similar natur.could be made in this stream- bed, and water made available for additional irrigable lands owned by these people..The people of the San Ildefonso Pueblo are situatedin a position similar to that of Tesuques. Their irrigation waters