5-1142UNITED STATESAnnual Repart1929DEPARTMENTOF THE INTERIORINDIAN FIELD SERVICENorthern Pueblos AgencySanta Fe, New MexicoJune 30, 1930NARRATITI SECTION,Soction 1LAW AND ORDIR.1. For many years past, rooms have boon rented for Agency headquarters, including office and warehouse space. However, onJune 23, 1930, our offices were moved to rooms in the new additionto the old Federal Building at Santa To, where we were assignedample office space. Te were also assigned five rooms in the basement of this building for storage purposes, and while these roomsare small, it is believed that they can be made to answer thepurpose. All Agency employees stationed at Santa Fe are requiredto provide their own living quarters, while quarters are rentedby the Government at Espanola, Xew Mexico, and at Taos, New Mexico,for the Two District Farmers of the jurisdiction.2. Positions authorized for carrying on Agency activities aresufficient, and no additional help is needed under present conditions.3. Some difficulty is experienced in maintaining law and order atthe different Pueblos of the jurisdiction. State laws do not applyto offenses committod by Indians within their land grants, and noassistance can be had from local peace officers. We have IndianPolicemen stationed at three of the larger Pueblos of the jurisdic.tion, and those officers are able to maintain order under ordinaryconditions. On feast days, or at dances, we make arrangements tohave the District Varmer and the Liquor suppression officor onthe ground, and in this way no very serious trouble is experienced.o4. No Court of Indian Ortonges is maintained at this Agency.However, according to custom, minor offensos are brought beforethe Pueblo Council, and that body metes out such fine or form ofpunishment as it may doom fitting. However, in many instances,the offender is unwilling to accept the verdict of the Council, andthe Council is without power to enforce its mandates. It appearsto me that there is a very great neod for legislation which would