1
1
1
( 11)
from assaults on his own people( when drunk), has sought to injure
others among the whites, and has times without number threatened
Government employes with the plain grim statement that when you
come to arrest us" look out for yourselves."
It would seem to be useless to discuss the possible or probable
effect of Circular provisions, the legislation of State Courts, or
even Federal Courts, with respect to this situation. When it is
stated that a superintendent in charge of an area larger than
Porto Rico has no means at hand with which to effectively apprehend
those guilty of offenses, the whole weakness has been exposed.
It is always necessary to catch the rabbit before cooking him.
The recipe sounds nice, but it never provided a dinner.
New legislation is vitally necessary, and legislation that will
waive the old protection of the offending Indian. At present all
possible is to prosecute an Indian for introducing liquor. His
DRINKING it, and raising a practical insurrection thereafter, unless
he accommodates through murdering somebody, is only punishable in
the court of Indian Offenses. The less said about this court,
even if a man is apprehended, the better. But with no sufficient
dependable means for apprehending him, even the Indian Court falls
into innocuous desuetude.
Moreover, concerning Introduction, we must catch this fellow red
handed, procure his cargo as evidence, taste of it, smell of it, and
be prepared to prove that He actually introduced it. At present,
on the Moqui Reservation, unless the man is snared alone and at a
distance from his faction, this means a FIGHT. I have noticed that
the duly commissioned officers of the Liquor Service, with all their
authorities under law, are not eagerly seeking the prospect at
points distant from additional help; and frankly, I am not, nor
are my uncommissioned and unauthorized employes.
Ali cases occurring since the last Prescott term of the Federal
Court, at which we presented certain Indians, have been referred for
action to the United States Attorney. These cases include Introduc
tion, Assault, Horse- stealing, House- breaking, Rape, etc., and it is
expected that the United States Marshal will have the duty of appre
hending the guilty ones if the evidence( always meager) is sufficient
to justify the issuance of warrants.
As to MY suggestion for promptly handling the liquor problems
among the Navajo of the Moqui jurisdiction, I woula if able procure
sufficient intelligent help to round- up at least twenty of the
worst offenders, throw them into the Agency jail for the period of
one year, see to it that plenty of hard work is furnished during
that period, and then permit them to depart possessing the thorough
grim knowledge that another offense will mean just as prompt handling
of their cases. Until this is done, I do not believe that any good
will eventuate.
