O
Statistics,
Supplement to
Circular No. 2726.
NARRATIVE SECTION
ANNUAL REPORT, 1931
SECTION III
Lastern Navajo Agency
Introduotion-
On April 1, 1909, a now jurisdiction was created and all the Nava jos
living upon the public domain in Arizona and New Mexico were placed under
the superintendent of the new jurisdiction, then callod Pueblo Bonito
and a few years ago changed to Eastern Navajo Jurisdiction, and it was my
privilege to be assigned the first superintendent of the nom jurisdiction,
with instructions to locate an agency and school. The first year was
spent in learning the conditions of the jurisdiction and working with the
several allotting agents who were assigned to allot the Indians at that
time-- namely, William M. Peterson, George Keeprs, and Joseph G. Kont; each
of these men had a crew for carrying out the work and made something like
2,500 allotmonts during the years 1907 to 1911, when each crew was dism
banded and the allotment work was never completed. A part of the public
domain was within the Executive Order Extension created in 1907, and in
1911 all lands not allotted were restored to the public domain. Several
sections were reserved by Executive Order for school and agency purposes,
including two sections of land where the Eastera Nava jo Agency and boarding
school is now located, and which is not on the reservation proper.
After selection of the prosent site, it was nocessary to let a
contrast to drill a well to determine whether it was possible to develop
a water supply sufficient for a amall boarding school. A well was drilled
to the depth of 525 foet in 1911. We were authorized to manufacture
175,000 brick, and in 1912, one dormitory of cottage type, one small
office building, and two cottages were constructed under contract and we
opened school in a board shack with twenty- five boys in attendance. At
that time it was decided to build a school plant with a capacity of 120
children, which from time to time has been increased until now we have
a capacity of 350 children.
Before the opening of the Pueblo Bonito Boarding School in 1912,
there was not dozon children in all schools, and our enrollment has
been increased until at this time there are more than 1,000 children in
