Annual Report, 19 26
San Juan Agency
employees are concerned no serious results followed. However,
Influenza claimed several victims on the reservation. Just
how many we have no means of determining for the vital statis
tics reaching this office are very meager.
Sanitary conditions on the reservation and in the Indian
homes are never extremely bad, for these Indians, being sheep
herders and nonadic by nature, do not as a rule rerna. in in one
locality long enough for it to become very filthy.
There has beon no regular sanitary inspection of Indian
homes owing to the limited number of available employeos and
to the vast areas involved. In fact there are large sections
of the jurisdiction that are not visited by Government
employees regularly
Another physician, one that was not tied to a school
and that could hold clinics at regular stated intervals in
different parts of the jurisdiction, would be very desirable
and greatly appreciated by everyone except the Iliedicine Ilan
who now holds practically undisputed sway and who is inclined
to be jealous of his prerogative,
Under present conditions, little is done to combat tuber
culisis, Occasionally a case is sent to the East Farm sanito
rium, or to Laguna, and occasionally an incipient case is
placed in the San Juan Hospital or a more advanced case is
placed in a tont- house located in close proximity to the
Hospital where hospital attendants can wait upon it. However,
there has been no systematic campaign.
An active and persistent campaign against trachoma has
been waged through- out the year in the schools of the juris
diction, apparently with considerable success. Especially is
this true in the T oadlena School where Dr. Jarnes D. Kennedy
has red iced the number of cases fr on about 50 to a half
dozen. Considerable work of this nature was attempted on
the reservation by Dr. Wigglesworth, who did some very ef.
ficient work early in the year. Unfortunately Dr. Wigglesworth
was not permitted to follow it up, hence, the permanent beha
-
fits resulting are not what they would have been had the
work been better followed up.
The San Juan Hospital has been utilized to its capacity
through- out the greater portion of the year, chiefly with
epidemic patients. There have been not many cases from the
reservation receiving treatment. Personally, I have not noted
