ANNUAL REPORT
NARRATIVE;
Section I
Law and Order
At the present time this jurisdiction is greatly
in need of Agency Buildings, particularly cottages
for the housing of agency employees. While plans
have not yet been completed, it is hoped that it will
be possible in the near future to construct quarters
at Red Lake for a farmer, and also repair or rebuild
the stockman' s quarters at Castle Butte. Plans should
also be made for providing quarters for a stockman or
farmer at Indian Wells. Indications become stronger
each year that it will be necessary for the Indians to
reduce their flocks, due to the greatly over grazed
condition of the Reservation, and this reduction will
make it necessary for the Indians to give more attention
to farming. While farming among the Nava jos is not a
new venture, if it is to be carried on with success
upon a larger scale, encouragement and assistance should
and must be given them, if they are to make a success
of it. By this I do not mean that the Nava jos need to
be taught how to farm, but they do need encouragement,
and it is for this purpose that additional employees
will be required. Consideration should be given to the
establishment in the near future of at least two positions
of fermer.
We have not experienced any difficulty during the
past year in maintaining proper order upon the Reservation.
There have been a few minor cases of trouble among the
Indians, but these have been promptly and satisfactorily
settled in the Indian Court.
I do not know of any crimes or offenses of a serious
nature that have been committed by our Indians or against
them. As stated in the preceding pe ra graph, such cases
as have occurred have been handled in our Indian Court.
I do not know of any additional legislation required at
the present time.
During the winter months our Indians indulged
quite frequently in the old Indian dances, these usually
being held to cure 11lness. It is not believed that
any damage is being done morally, and I am of the opinion
that it does not tend to retard the advancement of the
of
terme
ve
not
intetiningar
ce
