-8.proached with the proposition that unless he makes proper payments tothe medicine man he will become sick.V. Education,As noted above, the school facilities for the Northern NavajoReservation are entirely inadequate. Only about one- half of the children of school age, who are eligible for enrollment are in school at thepresent time. This is through no fault of the persons responsible forthe education of Navajo children. It is simply the case where thereare no schools to accommodate these children. The three boarding schoolson the reservation which take care of about six hundred twenty- fivepupils carry only six grades. Next year the seventh grade is beingadded at Shiprock,Many of the children enter school at an advanced age andconsider themselves too old to transfer to non- reservation schools uponcompletion of the six grades. They return to the reservation and arelost so far as education is concerned because there are no advancedgrades offered here. I believe it advisable as soon as possible toadd enough grades so that at least junior high school work can beoffered at home.Serious consideration should be given to the building ofseveral schools on the reservation to accommodate about a thousand morethan are now be ing taken care of. Owing to the fact that the Navajosfrom necessity are widely scattered, the feasibility of placing manyof their children in day schools is doubtful. It is necessary forthem to follow their flocks to districts where grazing is available,which is another handicap to working out the day school plan,.There is little chance of placing many of these children inpublic schools because it is impossible to get to their hogans withschool busses or other conveyances necessary for their transportation.For many years it will be necessary to educate most of these childrenin boarding schools. My reccommendations to your office have beenthat a boarding school building program be inaugurated which will takecare of our needs.VI. Program for the Coming Year.A.Industrial Development.As during last season the plan of getting the Indians to useevery available foot of irrigated land for crops has been carried out.The Extension Agent with his assistants have carried out the campaignfor getting the Navajos interested in new crops which has addedmaterially to their food and forage.With funds provided for relief during the past year and byreimbursable funds we have been able to furnish the I ndians withmodern farm implements which have made it possible for them to producemore and better crops. There has been a practice for some time ofrounding up all horses on the range each spring at which time all ponystallions are castrated. The purchase of jacks and stallions for theup- breeding of the Navajo horses will make it possible for them to