- 2-
this place. The Indians, with the exception of a few who care
for the sheep on the outlying ranges, reside at the central pu
eblo or Zund during the winter months. During the late spring,
summer, and early falu, approximately one- half of the people
mo ve to the farming districts, of which there are four-- Ojo Ca
liente, Tekapo, Pescado, and Nutria.
The Reservation consists of approximately 333, 000 acres of
land. The Zuni River valley lies through the center of the elon
gated tract of land known as the Zuni Reservation, with me sas
and table lands upon either side, making an ideal stook raising
section. With fertile valley land, both irrigable and grazing
lands of the reservation, as will be stated farther in this re
port, can be made ample, by proper water development, for the
support of these Indians and any increase that may come for the
next generation.
HEALTH
The Zuni Indians are a hardy people. During the several
hundred years that the history of the Zunis has been known the
population has been approximately the same, ranging from 1500 to
2000 in number. The Zuni is small in stature but has been no ted,
throughout the centuries since he has been known, as capable or
endurance, especially in traveling from place to place. The Zuni
male is a marathon runner and whether going to his work, which
often lies miles from his domicile, or on visits to other sec
tions, he has a slow running mode of travel which he can maintain
without fatigue for hours at a time.
However, living as do the Zunis, in their pueblo homes
grouped together without the opportunity for diversifying their
diet or for practicing the hygiene so necessary for the health
of the individual, while their neighbors, the Navajos, have in
oreased and multiplied during the short period their history has
been known, the population of the Zunis has been practically
stationary-- showing that their mode of living has been responsi
ble for no increase of note in the population. In the center of
the pueblo is the Zuni cemetery where all Indians for the past
several hundred years have been buried and which is of great re
ligious significance as it is the general belief that unless
buried here the resurrection will not find such among the saved.
Because of this it is a difficult matter to secure the consent
of these Indians for an outside burial ground away from the pu
eblo.
