1
ANNUAL REPORT.
1912.
JICARILLA INDIAN SCHOOLS.
NARRATIVE SECTION,
-ଅଛ
ଛ surely
1. LAV& ORDER,
7161
68
700
The Jicarilla Apache Reservation is located in the Northern
part of New Mexico, bordering on the Colorado line, with
the Ag ency headquarters at Dulce, New Mexico, on the Den
ver& Rio Grande Radlroad. The Agency is well equipped with
with buildings for administrative purposes and the dwell
ings are all that could be desired for the comfort of the
employees.
The positions authorized for transacting the business
at the Agency and Schools are sufficient when properly fill
ed by competent employees, which condition exists at the
present time with the exception of one clerk in the office,
the Financial clerk. This position is vacant, and due to the
small salary,$ 50 per month, the vacancy cannot be filled
by any local man, and it is not believed that a man can be
persuaded to to pay railroad fare from a distance to take
the position, as the cost of living at this place is excess
ively high. Tis position should be abolished and a regular
position established
at living wages,
The Jicarilla, or( Little Basket) Apaches are a tracta
ble, law abiding tribe, willing to work but with little in
itiative, not much given to dancing and their advancement
is not retarded thereby: in fact the only dance consuming
any of their time is held at the annual fest in the fall
of the year, after all orops are harvested,
They are willing to abide by the marriage laws of the
State, but being very poor and not often having money to
spare for licenses& c., prefer the old form of marriage
recorded
in the Agency office,
Very little has been done to promote their religious
wellſ are: a mission was at one time established at the A
Agenoy, but through an inefficient corps of workers, no
good results were obtained and the buildings occupied by
the missionaries were sold to the Government and are now
used for Day School purposes. A representative of the
Reformed Church is now in the field, determining the ad
visability of establishing another mission.
Their old time enemies, the Mexicans, have not been able
to influence then in religious matters.
The use of intoxicating liquors is their most serious
drawback, and every effort as being made to stop the supply.
Three arrests were made, of Mexicans engaged in the liquor
traffic with Indians, the past spring; two convictions
were
had and the other escaped temporarily by a hung jury. Since
these convictions
no intoxicated
Indians have been seen in
the vicinity of the Agency, but I am satisfied
that the evil
isn not nearly eradicated
.
