Over the River andThrough the WoodsArticle taken fromAlbuquerque Journal;January 17, 1992Written ByLarry Callowaygood..."LOS DESAPARECIDOS: many cases, the parents are would have no one to teach meSome students at the Santa Fe assumed to have been killed things at home. They need toIndian School this month and the children sold for adop- know about their family andwrote down some feelings tion.relatives. My grandmotherabout grandmothers." Recently I have heard means alot to me, and if I was" Grandmothers are very im- something I have never knew to be seperated from her thenportant. They know the past existed. It is called disappear- it would be like they took a biging," one pueblo girl began. piece of me. I would feel help" Grandmothers are like a “ People are killed or thrown less."second mom who loves you, into a secret prison and are “ My grandma loves me verytells you stories, and is always never seen again. Whole fami- much and if I disappeared Iby your side. You can tell her lies are torn apart and parents don' t think she would stopanything. A grandma under- never see their children looking for me until she died, ”stands your problems and again. ”a boy wrote.helps you solve them..."... The grandmothers of “ While the grandchildren"' They give love and all sorts these children are now are missing the grandmothersof feelings. A grandmother searching for them and I feel pain, a wound that can' tmeans so much because of the would like to see them getting be healed or cured by doctorshelp and support if you couldor any medicine," wrote anThe young pueblo Indians do so. ”.other.wrote those selections in let-" YOUR EXCELLENCY: “ It hurts down inside not toters to President Carlos Saul Please help the grandmothers know your grandma," a girlMenem of Argentina asking find their grandchildren, ” wrote. “ Knowing her is a gifthim to help grandmothers in wrote one of the girls. “ I will and a wonderful thing.'his country find their grand- probably feel awful if anychildren. The spontaneous ex- grandchildren didn' t have any mothers were taken awayercise followed a talk by Lee grandparent. They would have from us we' ll be sad and it' sPurcell of Santa Fe, represent- no one to celebrate holidays or just like a piece of your lifeing Amnesty International, they would not have anyone to taken away, ” wrote another.who told the Indian School lean on when something is And yet another wrote,class about an Argentine wrong.“ Please help the grandmothgroup called Grandmothers of A boy wrote, “ Please help all ers find the children. I think itPlaza de Mayo.the grandmothers find their is very important( for a) childThe group works to find missing grandchildren. The to see their grandmother. Godchildren of parents who were children have every right to be made everybody to be with a“ disappeared ” during the vi- with their grandparents, by family and not to be lost orolent military regime from blood and by heart."forgotten. ”1976 to about 1983 and before A girl wrote, “ If my grandMenem' s election in 1989. In mother was taken away I57