O-24No. 4 location is 1000 feet west of No. 3. Thislocation is still east of the apex of the structure andthe top of the Dakota was encounteredat 791 feet, 8 feethigher structurallythan in No. 3. Twenty- three feet ofsand were drilled and the well flowed over the top of therig. as did no. 3. It continuesto flow by heads and isestimated as an 80 barrel well,DRIIKLINGPRACTICE.In the Rattlesnakefield the same conditionsaremet with in the drillingand completionof a well as arefound in Hogback. At present, the sub- surface informationis too meagre to base any definite conclusionsupon, but itis believed that the same lenticular conditionsof theDakota will be found that exist in Hogback.At present no marker of any description has been encounteredthat could be of assistancein determiningthecasing point for each well. It is recommended, therefore,that a maximum of precautionbe taken when the top of thesand is approached and drilling be stopped immediatelyupon encountering the sand or change of formation. Afterthe casing has been run either a good heavy mud fluidshould be ciraulatedoutside, the pipe before drilling iscontinued, or else a few sacks of cement should be used incementing the oil string around the shoe. This is suggestedas a precaution against any escape of oil around the shoeof the pipe, as the oil in this field will be just asdifficultto hold in place as it is in Hogback,Unless the forma tion is too sandy it would be practicalto reduce the hole and cement the casing a few feet abovethe oil sand by using a dump bailer. This would elimina tea mud job and the use of a pump. Should the formationcontain too much sand, however, there would be danger of losingsome of the oil through continual penetrationinto thisunprotected horizon.Drilling so far, has been carried on with a standardrig, but permission has been granted for the use of aportable machine and this will be much more economicalinthe developmentof the field.Two strings of pipe are used:- about three joints ofconductor pipe of 10" to 12" in size cemented through theTocito sandstone on the surface, and then 81" or 6-5/ 8"casing for the oil string on top the sand.