0
NOAD BUILD ISO:
An atensive road builaine proeren on reservation und
Indian land areas will be carried on during the present fiscal
year. A road from Seren Lakes to Star Luke, a distance of approx.
imately 43 miles du be reloceted and rebuilt. This project
should be built for approximately$ 9,000, or about 200 per
mile, including culverts and bridge work.
A proposed road frou a polat on the Thorecu- Checo Canyon
road north of Crownpoint to Stony Lutte, a distance of approximately
35 miles, 111 bo built during this fiscal year. Approximately
27,000 will be expended on this road.
The robuilding of a road from Crown point to loeny Spring,
a distance of al miles, will be accomplished this year. Approx.
imately 4,200 will be expended on this road.
None of these roads have yet been surveyed owing to other
prossing field work; however, the surveys will commence in the
very near future and construction will follow as moon as surveyo
are rado. Various other minor lateral roads will be built ud
maintained also;$ 25,000 boing available for this work. 410,000
being available for maintenance and reconstruction on the Thoreau
Crownpoint road, work is now in progress.
The road from Thorcou to crownpoint is sedly in need
of reconstruction and surfacing. During the entire year, there
are about six months when the road is nearly impassable on secount
of mud and high centers, at least one hundred thousund dollars
should be appropriated for this project. The reasoá this roud
can not be mainteined in its present condition is that the heavy
trucks cut right through the dirt during the winter nonths und
for several months in swer. It is necessary to have a coat
of grayed on this woed to make it passable during all months of
the yest.
This would acun a saving of covernnent ruide in the
upkeep of this road as three years would reudily save the cost
of construction in time saved by employees as well as repairs saved
in replacing and repairing vehicles torn up in the mid.
LIVETOCK IEROVEIENTS:
Shoop and coats constitute approximately ninety per cent
of the livestock on the Lastern larajo Jurisdiction. The sheep
were originally of very low grede, and for many years the quulity
was even lowered more owing to the practice of inbruoding and to
the very poor selection of bread ing animals. However, during
