I thoroughly approve of Health and English heading the list of
the major fields of life activities. These are the two greatest
needs of the Nava joes. What can be more important than that they
learn the proper foods for building strong, disease- resistant bod
ies, or that they have thorough training in personal hygiene and
sanitation, camp sanitation, first aid, etc.?
If they are to carry on business intelligently with the trad
ers or to compete successfully with the white man in our industrial
life, what will be of greater value than an understanding of Eng
lish and the ability to speak it?
Though this does not belong in the evaluation of the curric
ulum, I might add here that a thorough English course is impossible
where the grades are too large to permit of individual work in Sr
enunciation and vocabulary drills.
Defects:
My greatest criticism of this level is that in many cases it
is too abstract. For instance, here are several very general object
" To be kind in thought and deed to all living things"," TO
be polite"," To use good manners". It seems to me it would be more
effective to cite particular instances in which to show these traits;
such as" To feed and water pets regularly"," To say' Thank you'"
" to eat slowly".
Since a study of the community is generally conceded to be ad
apted to this level, I would divide this objective" To learn relat
ion of the home to the community" into these specifio objectives:
" To understand and appreciate the work of the community in meeting
the need for shelter";" To understand and appreciate the work of
the community in meeting the need for food"; and such other things
as communication, protection, health, and recreation, etc.
There seems to be too much repetition, also. For instance,
" To learn need of keeping regular sleeping hours", and" To sleep
and rest sufficiently seem to me to be about the same thing.
brush the teeth regularly", and" To learn the proper diet for build
ud end care of teeth
ing teeth" are alsoPT6vetitions.
" TO
In this particular level, D- 1, I would suggest that those ob
jectives embracing conservation of natural resources, agrioulture,
and childcare be taught through practical demonstration outside
- 2-
