SECTION II
HEALTH:
General health conditions over the entire
reservation, school and egency, have been exceptionally
good during the year. There have been no epidemics or
infectious and contagious diseases brought to our knowledge,
and it is hoped that with the appointment of the field nurse,
the position for which has already been established, a
great deal can be accomplished among Reservation Indians
with regard to health and sanitation.
The general sanitary conditions of the reservation,
especially in and around Indian homes, are not good.
Living as the se Indians do, it is very difficult for them
to practice sanitation as we see it. This difficulty
being due to the serious shortage of water, as well as
the fact that it is impossible for the Indians to
maintain a permanent home. Our Indians are realizing
more each year the good that can be done them by the
agency medical personnel, and it is, and must be, merely
a matter of educating them to the point where they will
call upon the medical staff at the agency, rather than
the Indian Medicine Men. But little has been accomplished
during the year in improving sanitary conditions of the
Indian homes. As above stated, it is hoped that the
appointment of a field nurse will me an much to our Indians
and it will enable us to formulate and carry out a health
program that will be a benefit to the Reservation Indians.
Additional water, which will be made available with new
wells now under construction will enable many of the
Indians to live under more sanitary conditions, and this
improvement will be more noticeable as more weils are
provided.
I know of no influence which operates to prevent a
maximum usefullness of the local hospital. The Indians
at times call at the hospital for the purpose of obtaining
simple home remedies, such as cough me dicines, liniment
and so forth, and the hospital facilities are extended to
those Reservation Indians who are in need of medical care
and attention, and who are willing to place themselves in
the hospital under the care of a physician.
With only one physician and no field murse to care
for the medical needs of the school, having a capacity
of 400, as well as 1, 200 Reservation Indians, it has been
impossible to accomplish but very little during the fiscal
year. This condition will exist until additional medical
personnel is provided. The purchase of the Cedar Springs
property, suggests an excellent site for a health center,
at which could be stationed a physician and a field nurse
