-2General.would do a great deal better if we had a white chief to directthe force. These native police are more or less influenced bytheir own people and I find it almost impossible to get muchinterest or assistance from them when it comes to sendingchildren away from the reservation.The Indian traders tell me that the quality of the woolthey buy is getting better. I am also told that the amount ofwool bought this season by the traders has been more than inthe history of the reservation. As a usual thing the Indiansget splendid prices for this wool.We continually keep in touch with state and other government bureaus, agencies, etc., in our efforts to better theconditions here. We are continually cooperating with CommissionerHaggerman,, the Irrigation Service, and the Bureau of AnimalIndustry in our efforts to be of some assistance to these Indians.The blanket market of the reservation seems to be greatlyimproved and there is a good demand for all the blankets made bythese Indians. Owing to the great pinon crop last year theIndians laid down on their blanket making but now they areimproving the quality. They are weaving more blankets and ofa better quality. They are continually encouraged to save outtheir best wool for these blankets.There has been a great effort made here the past year toassist the Hopis to build or maintain homes away from theirvillages on the mesas. To show the Office some of the resultsof these efforts we are sending a photographic report showingsome of these places built by these Indians themselves awayfrom the mesas where they have taken up land and are maintainingsmall places. This good work is increasing every year.During the year the reservation telephone line was rehabilitated and completely overhauled and added to the efficient linebetween Holbrook and Keams Canon. This allows the traders, themissionaries, and others having phones to be in continuous anddirect connection with all railroad points through the KesmsCanon agency.In order to give the Indian office some idea of the physicalcondition of the Navajo boarding school here together with theactivities carried on, we are attaching as a part of this reportsome photographs taken this year during the school term.