P.
O
Annual Report, 1931.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION
NARRATIVE SECTION.
Section 11
HEALTH.
During the past year have had no epidemics in the school except
for colds and influenza. Usually at the beginning of school,
when the children return, there is more or less impetigo among
them but wi th drastic treatment the physician has been able to
conquer all cases. A campaign is being put forward to promote
the building of better homes and more sanitary conditions to
be maintained at each habitat, though we have no funds with
which to carry on an aggressive campaign for this work at this
time, and but few Indians are able to purchase lumber, screen
wire, and equipment to better their home conditions, but we feel
with the co- operation of the community chapter organizations,
conditions will be materially improveå, though not as efficiently
as it could be done il funds were provided. Here is a fine
opportunity for good work with a trained chapter adviser and a
lady extension worker and Field nurses.
The Office is familiar with the urgent needs for the construction
of a hospital and we have the promise that with the development
of more water, that a general hospital will be provided for this
jurisdiction, and it is our understanding that the present
Interior Bill of$ 35,000 will be provided to si nic a deep well
that a greater water supply can be developed and which will be
adequate for at least a 75- bed hospital. The Indians are res
pond ing to hospital, medical, and surgical treatment more than
ever and at times we cannot take care of the patients that come
in for this benefit, and perhaps no other jurisdiction in the
Navajo country is so sadly in need of additional personnel and
equipment as the Eastern Navajo Jurisdiction and nothing should
be left undone to provide such necessities at the earliest date
possible. The Indians often request that we establish a sanitarium
somewhere in the Indian country where tubercular patients can be
taken care of, as they dislike to go to any distant point to
receive hospital benefit.
A trachoma campaign was started several years ago under the
direction of Dr. Perkins, but was never finished and there are
many cases now needing treatment and a definite plan should be
undertaken to reach all members of the tribe and this situation
remedied and cleaned up as this is a terrible disease and must
be stamped out and which will require the expenditure of consider
able money and facilities provided for operations and after
treatment, and the Office should understand that this should not
be passed over lightly. In mild weather, tent hospitals would
perhaps be satisfactory to housing patients in for after treatment,
and, in my opinion, several units should be established, with
--
