)
1
1
( 4)
The valleys immediate adjacent to the Hopi villages are at the
disposal of the Hopi, but these areas, while large, have been over
grazed for many years.
The livestock of the Hopi is increasing,
especially cattle, and it has become necessary that they go farther
and farther from the immediate mesa locations for range. The Navajo
has been permitted to remain in possession of the country surrounding
these Hopi areas, and the troubles arising between the two peoples
are legion. It is believed that this condition has been referred
to in every annual report concerning the Hopi or Moqui country, from
those of James S. Calhoun, in charge at Santa Fe in 1847, to the
present. It was hoped that the inspection by H. S. Traylor, in 1916,
would produce results, but all, it would seem, that his report produced
is contained in a letter to the Moqui Superintendent, written some time
thereafter when further presenting the necessity for action in the
matters of supervision, control and boundaries, the Office statement
being that" it is a most perplexing question." It is. It is a
problem that has perplexed Indian Agents since 1847, and apparently
no concluding action is in sight. The Moqui Superintendent, whoever
he may be, and the patient harrassed and preyed- upon Hopi people,
will continue to" hold the bag" indefinitely--- or perhaps until
the Navajo, over- stimulated by cheap whiskey, will break the camel's
back. This matter has been the subject of correspondence unending.
It affects every reservation matter. But it would seem that nothing
short of an uprising will bring itto a point where something will
be actually and decisively DONE.
The above matters will be referred to again in this report, as it
is confined to the topics suggested by Indian Office Circular 1106 and
its 1917 supplement. While the direction is to present a reading
narrative of conditions, it is believed best to confine the recital
to the indicated matters of importance suggested by that circular.
Law& Order:
Correspondence beginning in October 1916 and lasting until August
1917 had reference to the matter of needed Agency buildings for Moqui.
These are, in the order of their believed importance,---
1. GUARDHOUSE( without which Law& Order can
scarcely be maintained);
2. FAIR- PAVILION( Indian Office circulars booming
Indian fairs are the strongest
recommendation for a proper place
in which to hold same);
3. GARAGE
( for the autos provided, their storage,
repair, and general matintenance);
4. BARN
( for Agency stock. The present arrange
ment is scarcely in line with good
administration or sanitary regulations);
5. Blacksmith Shop( of a size that will permit the
Agency work to be properly and
quickly performed).
