Page 6TEQU AYOEDUCATIONEducation enables its possessor to live more, to be worth more, and to serve more thanhe could possibly be able to do without it. Education will give its possessor greater assurance of success in any useful calling upon which he may enter; above and beyond all this, itwill give him power of development that will make him worthy of his origin, his present relations and his future destiny.LOCATIONThe school is located in the suburbs ofSanta Fe, the capital of New Mexico. SantaFe enjoys the distinction of being the oldestseat of government in the United States. Itspermanent settlement by Europeans about 1610antedates the landing of the Pilgrims by neara decade.Santa Fe is rich in historic interest, andideally located as a health resort. Its iminediate surroundings possess great scenic beauty,and pre- historic and historic interest. It issituated in the north central part of the statewhere it nestles among the foothills of the majestic Sangre de Cristo range of mountains,7000 feet above the sea and is fanned by thecooling breezes of the great continental divide.were better heating and lighting facilities, improved irrigation system and an endeavor tocorrelate academic and industrial work and education to the better development of the Indian.The school continued to grow and from a schoolwith one building, a small enrollment and ahandful of employees, it has grown to an institution with a rated capacity of 525, and anadministrative force of about 65, including aresident physician and hospital staff of registered nurses. About 675 pupils have receivedtraining during the present school year.The school provides academic and industrialinstruction from grade six to twelve, inclusive,with a special art department.BRIEF HISTORYThe Santa Fe Indian Boarding School wasopened on April 12, 1890, with Mr. S. M. Cartas Superintendent. Prior to this the citizensof Santa Fe had donated a tract of 106. 48 acresto the Federal Government for the establishment of an Indian Training School. Aftersome difficulty, an appropriation of$ 31, 000 wasgiven by Congress for this purpose, and on July10, 1889, work was commenced.The School grew slowly until in 1900 theplant had improved to such an extent that thereA BASIS FOR HOPEIn times like these of discouragement andanxiety the student may find ground for hopein the assurance that the world of the future,ike the world of the past, will find more usefor an individual who has broadened his horizon than one who has not; that greater opportunity for the exercise of talents will come tothe one who has learned to practice industry,honesty, punctuality, courtesy, than to one whohas not; that more chances in life will be discovered by the wide and careful reader and theclose observer than will be found in the idler( Concluded on Page 35)