28- Hopisquare deal they must be segregated from the Hopi, for they arebeginning to take up in their councils the attitude of the Hopisand the Hopis are stooping to doing underhanded things againstthe Navajos we locate in the valleys in permanent homes in orderto run them out of the country. This matter has caused considerabletrouble this year among the Hopis, some of the radical element ofthe younger Hopis bringing the matter before the Frazier SubCommittee in an underhanded effort to show Government officers asbeing partial to the Navajos and unfair to the Hopis. Segregationof the two tribes should be accomplished at the earliest possibledate compatible with a careful investigation by disinterestedofficials and a fair and equitable distribution of the lands andwaters of the reservation. This is a serious and important matter.General Conditions:-- I never saw a more favroable springfor crops and stock. Timely showers made good grazing and cropgrowing conditions. This gave the lambs and calves such a startthey are unusually large and in excellent condition.Office Assistance:-- We have greatly appreciated thefriendly attitude of the Washington office in listening to ourtroubles and needs, and in giving financial assistance in so manyways, We well lonow what the Commissioner and office is up againstand feel that it has helped us out of some bad places this year.Roads:-- We have done much in getting better roads, andthe officers of Navajo County have aided us in every way they couldto the end that we have decent roads in and out of the reservation.We have an excellent two- hour road now between Keans Canyon andHolbrook. We are building such a road between Winslow and Polaccaand have such a road provided for, with the help of the countyofficials, between Winslow, Leupp and Oraibi. This will give usthree good graded roads from the reservation to the railroad,connecting the Indians with all points there as necessary. Thisis greatly appreciated by all living in this country. We have noroads on or near this reservation within the seven per centFederal Aid System.$ 36,500.00 was this year allotted for roadsand bridges on the Hopi Reservation,$ 23,500.00 being for bridgesacross the Keams Canyon, Polacca and Oraibi Washes. These bridgesare in place. Road equipment has been used to maintain reservationroads- what we had- and to keep them passable. Up until justlast month we have had practically no road equipment that wouldallow of road building. We have had but a Wher Grader( roadmaintainer), given us by mrs. Ante Baldwin, and a small 12 H. P.Cle trac with a very light grader. Out of the funds allotted for