-20now quite satisfactory. Inharmonious conditions whichfor a long time prevailed there between the IrrigationService and the local administration, have been remediedand now, I am glad to say, these conditions are perfectlysatisfactory, which will no doubt help bring about morethorough cultivation of the irriga ted area there.Most of their irrigation projects are, as is wellknown to the office, situated in the Nava jo jurisdiction,and many of them have proved utterly futile to date andresulted in the wes te of large amounts of public funds.I believe that a number of these could be rehabilitatedand made at least comparatively effecient with a properadministrative direction in that jurisdiction of thereservation. This superintendency is, without doubt,more vitally in need of aggressive, constructive, intelligent leadership than any of the other superintendencies,and in no feature of the matter is this more evident thanin this question of irrigation.Me GartenHEALTH.There has, unfortunately, not been as great progressas far as the Nava jos are concerned, in dealing with theprevention and treatment of disease amongst the Indiansthemselves as there has been in dealing with the diseasesof their stock. Trachome and tuberculosis are alarminglyprevalent in all parts of the reservation, and constantlyon the increase. Period ic epidemics, or occasional outbreaks of measles, grippe, diphtheria, typhoid, and otherills, tax the resources of the various superintendentsand consume a great deal of their time and energy, which,if good, sanitary conditions preva il ed, might be expendedin the industrial and educational activities which theoffice and Congress emphasize in the general policiesadopted for dealing with the Ind ian problem as a whole.A conference was held not long ago at Gallup,attended by the Secretary of the Interior, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and various physicians andsuperintendents from the Nava jo country, at which conference the trachoma situation was discussed.first of July, a trachoma drive was inaugurated by theIndian Office in the Navajo jurisdiction of the reservation, with Dr. Perkins in charge at Ft. Defiance,under him Dr. R. H. Ross, at Tohatchi, and Dr. A. M.Wigglesworth, at Chinle. I have since then visitedTohatchi and Ft. Defiance, on other matters, where Drs.Perkins and Rose are operating and treating the disease.