to Otoro Ranch and from the Agency to Stialdng Lake, thereby making two
fairly good roads over the Reservation, and many bridgos and culverts will be
put in to finish the much nooded drainage.
B. Telephono Work,
During the fall of 1930 a new telephone line was constructod using codar
polos and Indian labor, from the Stinkdng Lake Ranger Station to the Reserva
tion boundary South, thereby connecting up with the outside through the Santa
Fo National Forost.
By means of an appropriation of$ 8,000 the ontire telephono line from the
Agency to the Largo Rangor Station will be completely rebuilt during the fis
cal year 1932. To dato approximately 2000 codar telephone polos 18 foet in
longth and with 3- inch tops have been out and paid for, and orders placed for
wiro, brackets, insulators. Indi an labor has been used entirely on pole cu to
ting, hole digging and distribution of polos over the line-- this affords much
vork for the Indians. The reconstruction of this line has boon noodod for
some time, and when the work is completed there should be no need of mainton
anoe or repairs for some time to come.
c. Rodent Control.
Two yoars ago a amall aroa in the vicinity of Stone Lake was worked for the
extermination of prairie dogs. This past year approximately$ 500 was expond
ed on this same type of work, and for the fiscal year 1932 an appropriation
of$ 2000 has been secured. At prosent a crew is worldng in cooperation with
the Biological Survey, and with careful management many acres can be succo88
fully rid of prairie dogs. It is planned to cover as much country as possi
ble with a following up next year.
D. Fire Protection,
During the past year there were thirteen fires caused by lightning, two by
camers and one by sheep herders, burning over 142 acres of land with a dam
age of$ 562.00 and a cost of$ 245.92 for suppression. All of these firos were
roported from either Wirt or Wolls Lookouts, to the persons who suppressed
them, Excellent cooperation in the matter os suppressing fires on this Res
ervation has been received from the Indians, non- Indian rosidonts, Pound Bros.
Lumber Company, Grazing permittoos, and other Government employees, who are
not primarily engaged in fire de toction or suppression work.
E. Agoney San M11.
The Agency Saw Mill is located three milos sou thwost of Dulce and last year
out approximately 210,000 board feet of Western Yellow Pine lumber for uso of
the Agency Indians and others living on the reservation, This mill operates
about three months out of each year and affords employment to about ton Ind
ians annually.
T. Timber Salos,
There is but one timber unit under contract due to the fact that over 90%
of the merchantable timber resources of this reservation habe been utilized,
Pound Bros, Lumber Co. of Chama, N.M, have about 20,000 feet of Western Yollow
Pine timber yet to cut and mill on the unit known as Dulce, Burns, Lajara,
canyons, The annual income to the Indians is between$ 25,000 and$ 30,000.
The Agency maintains ono scaler on this timber sale and he is general super
Visor over the logging and saw- milling operations, Timber sale operations will
therefore be concluded within the next three years,
