Seniors
April Abeyta Ohkay Owingeh/ San Felipe
1st I would like to thank my family. My parents for always pushing me to
do my best in everything I do, Love You Both! To the staff for also
pushing me to do my best in academics and sports. Cici& Patrice; thanks
so much for all your support.=) Ms. Hartmann, thanks for encouraging
me! And especially Mrs. Gulibert( MOM) thanks for everything you have
done for me, I am really going to miss you. To Shay, you' re the best friend
anyone could ask for. Thanks for always being there for me. To Daniel,
my other half, thank you for all your support and for being there for me. I
LOVE YOU!!=) I cant leave out my softball girls! Ladies, thank you for
all the fun times and for all the memories. You guys are so much fun to be
with and I will miss all of you! My other friends: Riah Bug, April J, Maya
Bug, Lulu, George, and my bro Greg! Ima miss you all. Lastly, to the CIO
2009: We finally did it! Gook Luck to all of you it' s been awesome!!
Avery Aguilar San Felipe Pueblo
Karina Aguilar San Felipe Pueblo
To my dad thank you for being there when I needed you for support, mom you' ve always
been by my side through thick and thin the help you have given me, backing me up no
matter what, I LOVE YOU! To my Uncle Lawrence, Thank you for your words of
wisdom, I' ll cherish them and use them. You' re the heart of the Troncosa family. I LOVE
YOU! to the two people in my life who mean the world to me, my son TYLON you' re my
inspriration, I did it all for you, its cuz of you I made it1 I LOVE YOU SON!! To my
babe Cameron, Dom ’ ho ’ E- chem' ah( I LOVE YOU). You' re a god send: you came into my
life when I needed you the most. Thank you for being a father figure to our We' ha- sta' na
( baby). To my homies, the crew days wouldn' t be fun if I didn' t have you guys there. I
going to miss our crazy days. To my" bust It Baby" thanks for the laughs on the bus, the
mean jokes we made and the munching out, lol. I' m going to miss you! Don' t forget our
crazy times together. To all the Juggalo' s and Juggalette' s still here keep your hatches
high and strive for the best. In Loving Memory of my buddy, homie, and Kidnapper
Garrick Gachupin, I MISS YOU! You' re in my heart Forever and Always. Your apart of
the class of “ 2009". We did it!!
Whoop, Whoop. Much Clown Love!!
Lawerence Aguliar
San Ildefonso Pueblo
To all my friends cause there is to many to name thank you for
being there and having my back. All the laughs we had and the
fun times in class. I hope we all stay in touch and see each in the
future. I just hope the best for all of us. I am always here and up
for anything so call if u are bored:). A special thanks to my
Lynette for always being there for me this year. I love u!!!!! yeah
classof 09 bye guys:). From yours truly L- Dubz
