has never been disseized by any act of any person or persons or corporations andthe court finds that the land so conveyed by the said Miguel Tenorio deed to thesaid Pueblo de Taos are described as follows, to- witCommencing at a point identified as the northwest corner of the Pueblo de Taos grantin the county of Taos and state of New Mexico, thence running E. along northboundary of said Pueblo Grant to a pile of stones the SW corner of the Tenoriotract, a distance of 188. 30 chains; thence north 110 E. 47. 50 chains to a mound ofstone marked M. C. No. 1; thence N. 390 E. 37. 70 chains to a mound of stonesmarked M. C. No 2; thence N. 200 W. 66. 20 chains to a mound of stone markedM. C. No. 3; thence N. 23° E. 58 chains crossing the Rio Lucero at 56 chains; thenceN. 600 W. 65. 60 chains at which point a 3 mile corner is set; thence to the northeastcorner at the Arroyo Seco 5 40 chains thence S. 830 W. 63 chains at which point isset M. C. 1 five feet south of the Seco Creek thence S. 600 W. 45 chains at whichpoint M. C. 2 is set 5 feet south of the Arroyo Seco Creek; thence S. 400 W. 95chains at which point is set the NW cor. of said tract; thence S. 122. 27 chains tothe place of beginning.2. The court finds as a matter of law that he U. S. Court of Private LandClaims created by act of Congress Mar 3, 189. without jurisdictionto confirm the said Antonio Martinez Land Grant insofar aswas in conflict with the saidabove described Miguel Tenorio Tract and that the said tract and Indian title theretofalls within the terms of said Act of Congress as set forth in clause 2 of Sec. 13 of saidAc and that said title wasand isand has beenat atimes materialto the issues herein,a just and unextinguishedIndian right or title within the meaning and inten of saidtatute.3. The court finds as a matter of fact and matter of law that asto anyand all controversies between the said appellant and appellees in this cause asset forth in the decree of the court they should be and hereby are affirmedin a respects withthe exception noted in the two preceding paragraphs with reference to said Miguel Tenorio Tract.therefore ordered, Adjudged and Decreed that the final decree datedthe 21st day of February, 1916, by the district courtsing within and for thecounty of Taos, State of New Mexico in cause No. 630, be and the same hereby ismodified in accordance with the above findingsin reference tosaid Miguel TenorioTract and that in all other respects the said final decree be and the same is herebyaffirmed, and it is further ordered that the parties hereto each pay theirown costs.SignedRichard H. Hanna, Chief Justice,FrankW. Parker, Justice,Clarence J. Roberts, JusticeMinut te Book G, Page 276- 7.That no petition for re- hearing was filed and no appeal from said decision was takenand that the same stands as the final judgment and decree of said Supreme Court of New Mexicoon the merits of said controversy.And plaintiff further avers that the lefendants herein named as claimants to saidTenorioTract, being those whosenames are hereinafter prefixed to the descriptions of the several claimsthereon, to- wit: Claims Nos. 87- 89, 92, 93, 95- 98, 100- 119 and 122- 130 were privies of the parties inand to said suit in the District Court of Taos County and in and to said appeal to said SupremeCourt and are bound and concluded thereby; that said Tenorio tract as described in said decreepractically identical with the portion of the tract lescribed under said name in thiscomplaintlereon ie theclaims of defendants herein arcels of said tract hereinafter specificiallymentioned at all questions as to thele, possessio and seisin of said tract have been finallyadjudicated and determined in favor of said Pueblo and against saiddefendants as above shownand that said judgment of said Supreme Court is res adjudicata in favor of plaintiffherein andagainst defendants herein claiming title to parcels of said Tenorio tract as above indicated,