UCULULU LCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCULUCULUÇUCUCULUCULULLLLLLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLLLLLLLMinaכותבתכתבותכותבותלוחכחלחכותבתכתבותכותבותרותבותכתבותבותכתבתכתבותכתבתכתבותכתבותכתבותכתבAutobiography of a Chinese ElmBy LENA TABEE-- UTEI am a Chinese Elm. I was brought to Albuquerque Indian School campus in theSpring of 1931 and planted in front of the academic building by the Junior class of 1932.I am three years old now and I am proud to say that my name is Charles Curtis. My namewas given to me by the class of 1932, whose names are buried among my roots.Many things have happened since I have been here. One morning I woke up and sawthat the whole campus was covered with snow, and when the boys and girls came toschool, one of the boys threw a snow ball right in my face and broke off one of my branches,but that' s forgotten and now I am happy. I' m never lonesome because I see boys and girlsgoing to meals and school everyday. I bow my head and wave my branches and leaves.I hear every word they say and I also know their secrets which I will not tell.I was just overjoyed when the Senior class of 1933 took their picture with me makinga ring right around me. Just the other day I heard one of the teachers say that the picturethey took was very good and will be put in the Annual. You don' t know how glad I am toknow that my picture will be put in tho school Annual.Autobiography of a PinonBy BERT POLEAHLA-- HOPIתבחבתכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכחכתכתבתבחבתבחבתבחבתכתבובתכחכחלחלחלחלחלחלחלחלחלחלחלחכחכחכחכחכחכותבתבחבתבחברתכתבתםMy name is Pinon and I live in mountains or in wild country mostly. I grow in thecones of the pinon trees and I am no bigger than the tips of your fingers. I am very goodto eat for some people like me, espec- ally those who live near me. They pick me up andsell me to the store keepers where I am put with thousands like me. At the store we arecooked and put into boxes near the windews where we can see the customers coming tobuy us. We usually ripen in the Fall of the year. Nobody pays any attention to us orcares nothing for us while we are growing. After we ripen is the time the Indians come inlarge numbers to gather us to eat during the winter, and to sell at the store. They sendus to their children who are away at school, and what lots of fun we have then for thechildren eat us in classrooms and put our shells in their sweater pockets, desks or any placethey can. This makes the janitors and teachers angry for we stick around everywhere.Nananananannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSLLLLLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLCLLLCLCLCLLLELEUCLEUCLEULMy First OliveBy ERNEST PONCHO- HOPI- LAGUNAThe first olive that I ever tasted was one evening at a wedding dinner several years agowhen I was about eight years old. We were called to dinner and there were several different kinds of food and delicac ’ es on the table but the thing that most attracted my attentionwas a bunch of brown- like objects in a dish. We sat down to eat, and the food was passedaround, and finally the olives were the things that I wanted very much. Thinking that theywere grapes I took a lot on my plate and put the first one whole in my mouth, and much tomy surprise, instead of finding it sweet it was sour and bitter. I didn' t know where toput it after I had chewed it, so I slipped it into my coat pocket, and since then I' ve neverwanted to eat olives again.CUCU CUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUCUÇUCUCUÇUÇUCUÇUÇUCUCUCUCLCLCLCLCLPUPNPOPUP POPA PA PAבתכחו הטהרהלהלהלהלחלחלחלחבחבחכתבותכתבותבתכתב תבותכתבותכתבותכותבותבותכותבחרותבוחבותוחבוחבוח