- 4-
A few milch cows are now being cared for and utilized but it is
thought that milk goats would prove of greater value here than
would dairy cattle. We are purchasing a few milk goats at the
present time. These will be issued to two Goat Clubs, which have
been formed and from this it is hoped that the keeping of goats by
the Indian family may be encouraged. A small dairy herd of regis
tered Holstein cattle is kept at the school. It is planned to
build this herd up from the increase until it will be of sufficient.
size to furnish ali milk needed at the Sanatorium and Day Schools,
This herd will also be used as an object lesson for the Indians and
when some of the returned students express their desire to own such
an animal and can properly care for same, arrangements will be made
whereby such Indians can be supplied.
About the only native industry of value to these Indians is
that of pottery. Some rug weaving is done and some silver making
but on the reservation there are no opportunities for the other
industries named, except assisting at the agency sawmill.
The work of the returned student generally is an improvement
over that of the older Indian. He has no superstition, with re
ference to abandoning the hoe for a better agricultural implement,
for the use of the binder or threshing machine in preference to
the old method of harvesting his grain. On this reservation, we
have many examples of returned students, who are good examples in
industry and who work with improved methods, who are an influence
for the good among their fellows.
The time of the farmer and the stockmen are employed as follows.
The farmer is working continuously among the adult Indians and is
of great help, especially in our farm organizations. While we have
two stockmen on the reservation, it is necessary for one to handle
the school farm as we have no school farmer. The other is in charge
of the Ramah Navajo Indians, three hundred in number, and a con
siderable portion of his time is given to looking after their needs.
The remainder of his time is taken up in looking after stock condi
tions on the reservation, in assisting in law and order when needed
and both he and the agency farmer assist the superintendent in his
work among the adult Indians, who are enrolled here. Both the
farmer and stockman have access to a Ford car, although these cars
are in very poor mechanical condition. The farmer is located at
the agency, while the stockman' s headquarters is at Ramah, twenty
two miles from the agency. Explanation has been made with reference
to the organization of farm chapters in the previous paragraph.
Our County Agent, Homer Powers, is very helpful and works with us
among these Indians whenever requested to do so. Quite frequently
he comes to the agency and by his advice and instructions given he
is of great assistance to our industrial employees in their work.
Several boys' and girls' clubs, both at the Boarding school and Day
School, have been organized, while we have a Potato Club at Nutria
for experimental work there.
- 4-
