SECTION I
Narrative
Section
Circular No. 2766
Report, 1931
ANNUAL STATISTICAL REPORT
This, primarilly, is not an agency but a school and the
narrative section regarding the work will, the refore, have
very little of reservation work. The agency work is all do ne
by our office force and unless there is considerable oil
development at a later date the office forde is sufficient.
The state of Michigan takes over the question of crimes and
offenses of the Indians and they are handled by the state in
the same manner as the other citizens. On the other hand they
receive all the benefits of citizenship, and wherever I have
come in contact with the work done by the state in the lower
penninsula I find there is no line drawn on account of color
от race.
Speaking for the Indians on the Isabella Reservation, which
includes the Indians in and around Mount Pleasant, I have never
seen an Indian dance in the past five years and I doubt if
many of them know much about such dances.
Our Indians are complying fairly well with the state
laws regarding marriage. We do have cases of comman law
marriage among them and also Indian divorce. The county
authorities are willing to cooperate wherever possible in the
handling of this situation.
The liquor traffic among the local Indians is not a
serious problem due to the vigilance of the county authori
ties. We do, however, have some trouble with the consumption
of" Rubbing Alcohol". Upon the whole, I doubt if there is any
more trouble of this kind among the Indians as the re is
among the white people in the same neighborhood. I have
never known of any of the local Indians making any intox
icating beverages. The use of peyote, or nescal, has never
been known here, nor has the use of drugs of any kind been
practiced on the Isabella Reservation. Gambling is not
practiced among the Indians he re.
One of the constant questions with the Indians in
Michigan is that of hunting and fishing in and out of the
season. During the last year the re were two decisions
by the Supreme Court of Michigan; both decisions being
against the rights of the Indian to hunt and fish out of
season although they recognize that the Indian has the right
to hunt or fish upon land held in restraint by the Government.
" the
last
Lehigan
;
botant
and
fishes
the
right
t reme
Court
the
Indian
at
the
Indian
has
Government
.
Oil and gas wells have been drilled here but so far
the re is only one piece that has oil wells, Others have
been leased but no wells have been drilled.
