Commissioner of Indian Affairs
Page 5.
a Central Agency will eliminate the jurisdiction boundaries. Many plans which
have been contemplated for the development of the jurisdictions will necessarily
have to be modified. For this reason it is inadvisable at this time to set forth
any definite plans for jurisdiction development. However, there are certain
lines which will undoubtedly be followed which will further carry out the five
year plan which was undertaken in 1931. This includes the extension of agricul
tural areas, both under irrigation from established projects, flood irrigation
in areas adjacent to the mountains, and the development of open areas on top of
the mountains. The development under Indian Irrigation will provide approximate
ly 10,000 acres of new land. Care will be taken in the assignment of this new
land to secure further stock reduction and provide for Indians who are inclined to
wards and suited for agricultural occupation. Under the projects along the San
Juan River it is planned to assign at least 20 acres to the family. It is believed
that 20 acres of good farm land, if properly managed, will provide a good living
for the average Navajo family. If the Indian Reorganization Act is accepted by
the Navajos, it is believed there will be sufficient money available so that these
Indians to whom farms are assigned can secure sufficient funds in the form of loans
to provide themselves with adequate farm implements and other facilities for mak
ing their living.
It is hoped that the Indian E.C.W. will continue through at least
another
year
.
The projects completed under the present year's program will pro
vide adequate stock water and make available many grazing areas which in the past
have been entirely dependent on winter snows to allow full utilization for grazing
purposes. This program, if extended, will not only complete this water develop
ment but will furnish employment for practically all Indians not otherwise cared
for. The plan now under operation of having all Indians employed under E.C.W.,
Public Works, and Soil Erosion save 25% of their wages, will provide many of these
people with a surplus with which to procure the necessary equipment if and when
they are assigned to farm areas. In any event, these savings should insure these
Indians against want for some time to come.
On the top of the Chaska and Lukachukai Mountains there are a large
number of open areas which originally were meadows of open grass land. Owing to
the excessive number of stock grazed on the mountain during the summer season,
the grass has almost entirely disappeared and has been replaced by sneeze weed
and other poisonous plants. During the past two years a large number of stock
have died from eating these weeds.
A plan for revegetating and the present utilization of these areas
has been thought out. The matter has been discussed rather thoroughly with
Mr. Hamilton, proposed director of extension work in the Navajo country, and
he believes that by fencing these areas, plowing the land and permitting the
use of it for two or three years by Indians for production of potatoes, oats,
wheat and other crops- which could be used to supplement the diet of the
Navajos and feed for their stock- at the end of this period, or as soon as
the complete irradication of poison weeds is effected, a planting program can be
