NARRATIVE,Section IV光光光光 》 光产者形Industries.Any program for the advancement of the Indians industrially andmorally can only be carried out successfully where there is closepersonal supervision of each individual Indian. Employes residentamong them and fully equipped alone can accomplish this. In so faras possible I have encouraged the Indian s al ong the lines of dryfarming and stock raising. This is the way they make their living andhave done always. But they could improve their methods by cleaningup the land in the fall so that cultivation in the spring would notbe attended with so many difficulties. They have always done theirwork with a hoe, and the results are smaller than they would be ifthey prepared the land better, plantod accurately, and cultivated withimplements suited to their ponies. The objection to doing work inad vance is that the distribution of moisture is so uncertain thatit may not be possible to plant in the same place two successive years.On account of the alkalal and character of the soil in the twentyacres fenced for an irrigated farm here it has always been impossibleto make a success of farming. I am operating on better land andhave succeeded in raising crops. But there is still a great deal ofWork to be done. The agency and school farms are consolidated andwill produce profitably in time.Across the Little Colorado River about two miles Corn Creek emptiesout on a big flat and here I am planting and raising corn with Indianlabor and Indian methods of dry farming. I have just received twodisk cultivators and am going to cultivate with the agency and schoolhelp. Planting was done by the Indians and they had to go fourteeninches for moisture in some instances.Corn, beans, watermelons, pumpkins and squash are raised by the Indians.Their knowledge of dry farming and desert conditions is intimate.They save their own seed and their varieties are all acclimated.These Indians do their farming on lands distributed over a wide areaand to which they have no title in most instances. Their corn fieldsare just as apt to be on railroad lands or state School lands asupon the allotment selections which have never been patented to them.These Indians own more stock than they have grass for. In fact theyhave stock enough to graze the total area they live on includingtheir allotment selections, the Government land, the Railroad Landand the State School Land. As there is not now the slightest chanceof their getting even all the Government land any increase in theirstock is Impossible.Representatives of the Bureau of Animal Industry have been workingto eradicate dourine for two years, and they are getting more reactors this year than they did last. With the Indians freely passingfrom one part of the Navajo country to another it will be a difficultmatter to eradicate douring in any one locality without making oneone big job of it.