C7.when explained to him by an interpreter who is 8.8 incapableof understanding it as he is and whose language does not admit of such explanation any way.The liquor traffic is a thing of the past so far asthis reservation is concerned. For a number of years pastArizona, Utah, and Colorado have been dry. San Juan Countyhad been dry for some years, and Gallup was the nearest placewhere an Indian could procure liquor and few of our India nswent there for any purpose. During the year State wide prohibition went into effect and now National prohibition comeson top of the other, so that it certainly looks as though anIndian will have to get along without liquor. There is stillsome liquor in Gallup and the bootlegger is on the job, buthe finds it safer to confine his work to the whites, and muchmore profitable. Few Indians can pay ten dollars for a bottleof whiskey, which is the current price in this state now. TheIndians of this reservation have never been very bad in theuse of intoxioating liquors. They do not make any native drinks,nor do they use peyote. They sure do go for" pop" and thetraders all carry large quantities of this stuff. They use tobaoco very moderately. The men gamble as do all Indians, andwith some tribes the women are worse than the mon. The policetake their cards away from them and destroy them occassionly,but it is next to impose ible to break up gambling on an Indianreservation such as this one. The police force is not largeenough to do it, even if they were enthusiastic in the work.One Indian was in the army before the signing of thearmistice. We found this out whon he sent his insurance policyback to his father. He has not otherwise communicated withhis father or any other person on the reservation. He has beenmustered out and we do not know where he is now. So far as IImow he was the only San Juan Navajo in the World War, and Iwant to record his name here-- Theodore Denetsouie. When hisfather fully understood that the insu range polloy would givehim$ 57.75 for twenty years in case of the boy's death, I thinkhe was disappointed when he found the boy had been dischargedin good health, During the month two of our school boys haveenlisted in the regular army. Several others are talking ofdoing 80. But none of them were willing to go while the warwas on. Just why, I can not say, unless they were simply notny