-2Industries.year has seen considerable more fruit trees planted than usual.Some of the Indians are putting in more alfalfa and forage crops.A number are impounding water for use in the raising of suchcrops.( b) Every year these Indians have to combat the cut wormand the effect of sand storms. Outside of crops being destroyedby stock the crops of these Indians never fail except by the twomeans mentioned above. The Indians will replant until they geta crop so every year they get some kind of a crop. In thisrespect they are commendably industrious and are practicallyself- supporting.( 0) This agency has tried different desertcrops in an effort to get more feed for stock. We have tried outfruits, vegetables, and other crops new to the Indians in anendeavor to aid them. We are now trying such fruits as apples,cherries, plums, etc., in a new orchard set out this year.( 4)A number of crops have to be replanted each year by both Hopisand Navajos. Some years they are bothered by cut worms, otheryears by rodent pests, rats, mice, prairie dogs, etc. Thisyear out of funds donated by Mrs. Baldwin we have purchased andissued considerable poisoned grain to help them fight these pestsand it has been of considerable encouragement to them. Mrs.Baldwin also gave them considerable farming implements and thishas been a great help to them.( e) They have a good market foranything they raise except what they use themselves. They drymost all their fruit and sell it in a dried form. All of thesecrops are practically marketed on the reservation through thetrading stores. There is nothing that they have for sale thatthey cannot get rid of at a good price.( f) Plenty of good seedis always held out for seeding the following spring and thetraders and this office encourage the purchase of new seed eachyear.( g) No greenhouse or nursery is maintained on the reservation but a number of plants are grown in the houses before theyare set out in the fields, the Hopis especially being expertsat this.( h) These Indians never test seed but hold the bestfor that need. They are never without seed and they buyconsiderable seed every year.We have no allotments on the reservation. Each individualor head of a family selects what is suitable for his use andplants it. Every year he adds a little more and if he can affordto fence it, keeps it tilled. This acreage together with thefencing is continually increasing each year.Practically all of these Indians support themselves. TheIndians claim they are better off now than ever on account ofthe freighting and other work given them by this agency duringthe past year and a half. There seems to be no poverty on thereservation. We have a strong demand for Indian labor and sendmany men away to the lumber mills, to work on roads, in thecotton fields, and on the irrigation ditches in the Salt River