0
Note
amu
HB
Hopi 6.
is not doing near the work it should for this reason.
Everything depends of the physician. We should have a
physician who wants to do ali he can for these people
with the equipment he has. Our hospital is a fine ono
and we have an excellently superior force in it excepting
the physician. I am greatly dissatisfied at the small
results gotten with this investment and know that we
could do a great deal more if we had a right kind of
physician here. There is a splendid opportunity to to
great work and the hospital should be full at all
times, with the end in view of covering the full field
and handling all kinds of cases. It appears to me that with
5,000 Indians we would have little trouble in keeping the
hospital 100 per cent. efficient at all times if we could
get a physician in charge that would be both capable
and industrious enough to get in the patients and handle
then properly after he got them. The Indians, so far as
I can see, are interested in and friendly to this work.
They certainly need medical attention,
4. Venereal Disease is not so bad here as one would think,
but there is no concertod effort or systematic plan to
control it. We do what we can in the field and help the
local conditions a great deal, but do not make positive
examinations only in suspected cases.
a. There is no records and therefore no way of even approx
imately stating number of cases on this reserve.
b. We treat every case we run across or that is reported.
6. Our medical force has perfected no plans for an ag
grossive campaign against this disease. It is too sma u
to do this.
“ า ก:
Note
WWE
Я
5. I am sorry to say that we have ben without a physician
a considerable part of this past fiscal year and also
have had a young physician here since January first who
has been able to do very little toward improving our
interest and medical conditions. He is not fitted at all
for such an important place; he is too young and inex
perienced and considers too lightly the wonderful chances
here to do a great work. We have the hospital and equipment.
le prevents its use in behalf these Indians. Our today's
Hospital Report shows we carry two patients in our 30- bed
hospital. Is there anything more to be said? There is at
least 40 per cent Trachoma among these Indians and if
nothing else was done the hos pital should be filled at all
time with these patients and they held then till cured.
Our physicians here and at Oraibi do a great deal of
work in the field and make tripes several times each week
to the Day Schools, Villages, etc., and do a great deal of
work among Indian homes. This should not be overlooked
in considering what we have done, for it is important to
get to cases where they can not get to us.
Dengan seme
one threr han
