Lasio Report
PROSTO: 9 Lovol B- 1.
3ince thi, Level was in the kindergarten last year and this year in
the transition chası, the maslo given to them was very much the same as
the ourrionlun for progr... Lovel A.
I. Rot. 3onga
1. baring the first wook of school in order for me to get ao.
quainted with them, song that woro learned in the kindergarten wor.
reviewed and nag by the class as a whole,
2. low roto songs whioh wore of latarout and ability of the
children wor, learnod. These songo no lado songs of play, home
housshold ooonpations, pets, toys, friends, health and songs walon
load out into com anity 1110 and activitiei. 3ome of the songs
corrolated with the homo room unito.
3. 3pooid attention was given to ouring monotono, which in
oluded about half of the clas3. I thiak thio was due to a lowing
the children last year to aing too loudly and therefore singing out
of pitch. At the end of the year all exoopt three monotonea vero
aured, who ohildren aa group learned to blend their roloos vita
the others inatoad of making each volo. be heard above all the rest.
Listening to phonograph records of tho soprano volco helped the
children to hear good tones and then sing the correot tonos with
the yo 1oo of the rooord.
4. Attention was given to enanoiation and pronunciation of words,
This was the most diffionls phese to teach because they do not use
their lips vory much in speaking the Banjo language, Luah arall will
bo neoded to got the children of this level to sing ao « vory word
of the song can be understood. In fact, thia phase needs attention
La evory program Lovol because all of the Kavajo chilaron la this
school are handicappod with the language pro000103 1.
6. About 40 now rote songs were learned this year.
II. Rhythm 2lay
1. Through roto songo
2. Through action
a. thythmio motiona
d. singing ganes
0. Drgatisations
d. Folk Dances
It has been found that these childron do not have much rhythm.
They do not seem to 9001 it or near it and are not able to keop a
steady rhythm in clappins, marching or any other rhythm to be
interpretod. Individual attention was given to this phase of music
but it will take a great deal moro time and practice to get tho
children to hoor and tool she rhythm.
Singing game, learned thia year:
1. How do You Do y Partner
B. Let Your Yoo 00 TAMP
