for a time the dtantia nomed hopalous, and it sound that 15
would be HOLLISury to lose sight of their stook and try to save the
the theores. However, throud dat of hard work, we were able
to mot supplies to isolated places for distribution, and the Indians
thomsalma nodo improved sieds to transport food supplies over the
mon to their homes.
mis atuation cannod u mal concen u te monton lasted
for nor the three md on.hall months nd followed by a month of 1
passablo roado due to the melting mor, wd my motion. were out
oft fe considealle tiem Tais atuation has brought home to the
Indiana tho acowanity for doing onurything possible to provide food
supplies for thelres and restook. Ia mery possill. vg and
through our merous mooting oth the city abaptur gatherings,
To have not runnlts ia getting the India to alargo their for
and gardes crous, and the prospete at the proscat in tar good
erop are moodne. Kamer botar, has such a larg. aorsage of
potatous, beans, corn, and squash boom planted, and veryono sem
optimistle in the present outlook for a good harvest.
Years ago the Hopi Indians almost starved on account of.
terrible droncs miah rated their renovation, and to beconds
home to the the necessity for providing food for ano or two years
to do the over the loan yees that might ooow, and thi. has beau
one nabjoot mich are trying to being home to the Marajos, and
vo er sur that ner Not so the 10ccssity for storing ary a moh
of their orop as meg bo 200essary to do tha over my desperato
periodo miok not right thou is the fatur.
Suppl. voro land the Indians during the ston period without
paust at the time, but the han responded splendiy doin the
or is maldag reponunt for those mapplies by wrking other at
the agency, o the roads in the diato localitia thon they live,
and a water donelopat, mal w construction of Terroin and
further development of spring, vot el is very commendable.
for years past our tuation with respect to pusing has been
tuation of mod Moon, but we pleased to say that through
the purchase of several tompo of land and the blooldag- of
curtata vreus, mlad nu mentually an u control of a heavy
Indian populated area, nu ramalt in the better development of
ou ronources, with causantiau of rungo and better way than
could ever bo dane ja the put due to the conflicting moto and
the inabuty of multos and India to pot done in the wo of the
* rungo.
( 3) Off the reservatia( anployment)
There is aduolutely no work to be had pau tho roservation of
oft at the present tim, and the doprossia is keenly felt hari u
elsouton to date, the owloods of flow ban bona soud ved for dir
wibution to the soody( the old ad ilgoud) who ar dra patulty
retions; the allo- bodia malo ponat for her upplies in labor.
