- 3-
tion and are given employment when possible.
Community, or clan,
Ownership of herds and lands tend to encourage such a class as they
are cared for whether they work or not. Individual ownership of
lanas, as well as personal property, will be the final solution
of this condition.
These Indians are quite well provided with implements for they
exchange, loan and hire where they are lacking. Some plows and
harrows have been purchased this year and these will be sold them
reimbursably. They have made very good use of their reimbursable
supplies, but not enough effort has been made in the past in insis
tence upon making payment for these supplies. They have very good
teams and need no help along these lines as they are too well sup
plied with horses.
Their fences are only fair. The roads on the Reservation are
in bad condition. It is hoped to reme åy this to a large extent if
road building equipment can be secured from the eight thousand dol
lars appropriated during the last session of Congress for Zuni
roads.
The Zunis work the roads periodically but not regularly. They
are requested to have" road meets" when all join in this work. The
reason more is not accomplished is because they show up about noon
and, generally, without tools. They make a big showing in numbers
but accomplish very little. They are willing and do keep the roads
in a passable condition, but they cannot understand the reason why
a road should be worked as long as it can be traveled. One good
road outfit could accomplish more in one day than fifty of these
Indians, with their primitive methods, could do in a week.
Water resources of the Reservation are: The Zuni River run
ning through the center oI the Reservation; Nutria Creek, flowing
through one portion; and several developea springs, two of which,
Piscada which flows one acre foot of water, and Caliente, a second
Ioot, arford considerable water for irrigation purposes. A deep
well( 450 feet) has been put down in the Zuni Pueblo, while a num
ber of shallow wells have been sunk and äug at different points on
the Reservation.
Unfortunately these Indians have no allotments and the only
improvements on the tracts held by them are fences.
No lands are leased for agricultural purposes.
It is the opinion oI tais orfice that it is much better Tor
the Indians to farm their own land.
