OSection II- Agricultural Development-As herein mentioned, farming areas have been increased, but owing tothe dry season, we were unable to show increased romlts. It is planned bythe Irrigation Service to construot an irrigation projeot at Lake Valley,Mariano Lake and Casamoro Lako, and once in oporation, intensive farming canbe carried out-- something lik. 600 acres under all projeots. Other floodwater dems for irrigation and livestock purposes are also under consideration, and we are hopeful that a moro moouraging report covering this workcan be made in the future.Eastorn Navajo has no tribal forests, but a number of India s have beenallotted and upon whose land there is considerable pine timber and a smallamount has been sold by a fow individual Indians. However, the orrio. isconsidoring logislation which will turn over the Manzano Forost, north ofThoreau, to the Indian Service, as we already have control of more than halfof this aroa through allotment and purchase of timber land from the NewMoxioo& Arizona Land Company. This forest covers about a townships moroor loss scattered, with about 10,000,000 foot of mature timber, which shouldbe used for the benefit of the Indians in the building of bottor homes. Theydosiro very much to do this, but the orfico does not seem to be favorablofor the purchase of a sawmill for installation in this area. Unless a changeis considered by the office, the timber will continue to blow down and rotwithout any bonefit to the Indians. In some sections there is a good standof young pine coming on, and in our opinion, it is a mistake to try to getbonoficial uso from at least some of this mature timber. It would be abad policy to cut everything, as is permitted in some aroas, but judicialmanagement in the production of lumbor would be of great benefit and wouldnot in any way destroy the future of this forost.At the present time there is but very little erosion in this forestarea due to the fact that we would not and do not permit ahoep or goats togruso in the timber area, and it is only possible for horses and cattle tograzo in this section. As a rule, the mow is too deep in this area forany stock to get moh benefit from the grazing. Wo bare not approved anyTator development in this arou in order to protect the coverage and theyoung pin., as this is the only tract in the entire jurisdiction dich vomust dopend upon for the future, and the Navajos are alive to the necessityfor conservation.No Indian allotments have been mado in the past due to the fact thatthe entir. Indian country, including Remah, Puortioito and Canoncito, havebeen withdraw from all forms of entry, this withdrawal having been made inaid of proposed logi alation. The Boundary Bill, which was prosented toCongross, failed of passage, as it seems that Congress sidotracked this Billin the closing days of the session in order to give more attention toemorgoney matters prosented to them by the President of the United States.