0-15loss of any oil when the well is closed in.The Bureau of Mines recommends this procedure to alloperators producing high gravity oil in this district. Theplacing of a good heavy mid fluid back of the pipe is alsogood practice, but it is believed that the use of cementinsures better control of the well and gives greater protection. The drilling of any oil well is an expensiveinvestment, which is certainly worth a few sacks of cementused in cementing.As far as development has progressed to date there hasbeen' no actual discovery of top water in the field; in otherwords, the presence of water in a horizon above the Da kotahas not been definitly proven, although this conditionwas suggested in well No. 1 when first drilled in, when anattempt was made to cement off water, which presumably wascoming from the bottom of the hole. This well was finallycemented successfully and the evidence is quite strong thatthe water was coming in from above somewhere.As a precautionary measure a water test is made by the Bureau afterevery cementing job and before the well is drilled in.Well No. 3, which was located 300 feet down structurally from the apex on the east flank of the structure, encountered some water in the Tocito sandstone, due to itsclose proximity to the Chaco River bottom. This well alsofound about 3,000 barrels of sulphur water a day in theDakota sandstone and was later plugged and abandoned toprevent any migration of water to other parts of the fieldthrough sandy shale and sandstone horizons.The presence of a dry sand, separated by a sha le breakabove the oil sand in wells 2, 4 and 7; the finding of 12feet of dry sand immediately above the oil sand without anyapparent shale break between; and then finding productioncombined with water in well No. 6, which is higher structurally than wells free from water; also the fact that in wells1 and 5 no dry sand whatever was present; and the fact thatin well No. 8 four feet of dry sand was found with the oilimmediately underlying it without a shale break between,indicates conclusively to the writer that lenticular sandconditions play an important part in the development of theHogback field. See Fig. 3.The dry sand above the oil sand would normally be ava luable marker for the driller, were it present in all partsof the field; but it probably can never be a reliable factorin deciding where to run casing and cement. A dry sand maybe encountered, but it is never known whether it will be