2HopiHEALTH:We had but one epidemic this winter, a small oneamong the Hopis. No unusual illness. Health conditions seemthe best for years. Diseases most prevalent: trachoma, Impetigo,Tuberculosis, Influenza. We have one general hospital, 40- bedcapacity. It is answering our purpose nicely. It is in finecondition, but needs additional equipment to make it 100 per centefficient- X- ray outfit, bed- pan sterilizer, linoleum on floors,Dining tables, etc.Dr. Larsen, our head physician, says:" We have considerable Influenza, or Ia Grippe, from which we get considerablepneumonia and death, I have seen some of these pneumonias thatcould have been saved had it not been for the medicine men. Theyseem to have a great desire to hold these pneumonia cases becausethey do not look so bad at first, but when they begin to fail,then nothing can be done. They literally wear them out with theirceremonies. I believe that one of our great needs is some way ofcontrolling the medicine men, They are the greatest hindrance tothe advance of these people because they know if they lose theirpower they will lose a good living. There are many people whowould come to the hospital for treatment if it were not for thesemedicine men. As has been mentioned, I have seen patients die asa result of the work of the medicine men, where the relatives wouldhave sent them to the hospital, but the power of the medicine manwas such that he would not allow it."The field matrons among the Hopis visit every family inevery village at least once a week. They are a very great help toward bettering the condition of these people and should get a goodshare of the credit for our improved conditions. A great deal oftheir time is devoted to nursing and caring for the sick, but theynever lose sight of continuing their work for home improvement.The present field matrons and nurses are ideally located for workamong the Hopis, Four districts should be established among theNavajos, and a field matron or nurse placed in charge of the healthwork in each district. There is no doubt fine results could begotten through this plan.Our work the past fiscal year has been increased overformer years owing to doubling the capacity of our general hospital,and I would say it has been satisfactory and very gratifying. Ourtwo physicians, the four field nurses, and the hospital force( withtwo exceptions) co- operate in a way making for a splendid organization and effective health- work. We have a very fine hospital-