Nurse at this Jurisdiotion, our nurse having been transferred to another
Agency The Field Nurse has not worked in well hero, there being little
correlation between the ta fiold nurse's ao tivities and the gonoral health
program for the reservation, With the third nurse's position being estab
lished at the Hospital, I would suggest that the fiel nurse's position bo
abolishod, and one of the hospital nurses detailed to the field. With this
proposod arrangement there would be a direct tie- up between the Hospital
and Field, ta which would be the most constructive health measure that
could be established. In this way the nurse would be working directly under
the Doo tor's orders. With a nurse from the hospital working in the field, I
doubt 11 any thing would tond more to discourage the indian superstition and
prejudice against the hospital than this procedure would.
SECTON III.
SOCIAL AND MORAL PROGRESS:
A. Missionary Work.
The missionary work among the Jioarillas is carried on by the Women's Board
of Domestic Missions, of the Reformed Churoh in America. J. Denton Simms,
missionary, has been in charge of the work since its beginning in 1914. This
is the only church organization ropresented here, and they are covering the
entire field.
The Reformed Church Mission has fourteen missionaries engaged in a program
which inoludes:-- a general field work carried on by the missionary and a woman
worker, carrying a practical ministry to the homes, as well as a religious in
fluonco; a school of six grades in which there is given Domestic Science and
Manual Training. It is the objective of the Mission School to prepare tho se
boys and girls who do not go further than six grades for a home life of prac
tical usefulness, as a basis for a home- making program which is only now in its
earliest beginnings; to inspire those boys and girls who wish to take higher
education to do so, and to fit themselves vocationally for life.
The Mission School is operated under a co- operative plan with the Government,
Inaamuch as the health of many of the children who are passed as physically
fit, is not rugged, the school is kept closely under the supervision of the
Government physician, and those children who show signs of breakdng under the
school work are quickly transferred to the Sanatorium, This is a very dosir
able and satisfactory feature of the cooperative work of the Government and
Mission.
The Reformed Church missionaries give their hearty support and helpfulness
to the programs outlined by the Government.
SECTION IV. FORESTRY:
A. Road Work.
Approdmately$ 5,000 has been spent during the past year on road maintenance
and repair, and construction of bridges and culverts, including a now road
from Pound Bros, Saw Mill in the LaJara Canyon to Los Norios, which provides
a means of travel the year around between the Summer and Winter ranges, Many
bridges were completely rebuilt with new stringers, flooring and tread, and
many good- sized culverts put in where there should have been years ago. Many
large fills have been made, thereby getting the roads out of low places, and
numerous curves have been straightened out.
The road grading outfit, which consists of a No. 7 Adams Leaning Wheel Road
Grader, and a 30 HP Cle trac Tractor, have done mich good work on the Reserva
tion roads in putting in aitohes, throwing up grades and leveling the roads,
and it is estimated that about 100 miles of road were covered through this
method last year.
During the Fiscal year 1932 it is planned to grade the road from the Agency
