O
0
Hopi 12.
b. The equipment is alike for both boys and girls and
an extra set is in place at the Girls! Building at the
Navajo Boarding School. This set is never idle when the
girls are out doors,
17. It will be necessary to continue these Hopi Day
Schools as long as these Hopis are here and have children.
There is nothing to take their place insofar as aiding
the Hopis to a higher standard of living. When we get
all these schools teaching up to and including the
sixth grade their influence will be stronger than ever
and the interest of the Hopis will be friendlier and
more powerful, Every Hopi child of school age is in school
when these schools are operating. Until public schools
take their places they are absolutely necessary and
the action of the Office in enlarging the planst to ac
commodate the sixth grados is greatly appreciated by
the Hopis. They insist on education advantages at home for
all small children. I must say these schools are the best
of the kind I have ever seen in all my 24 years of Infian
work. It is a credit to be connected with them.
The new Navajo Boarding School, opened at the agency
November 1, 1925, has done a fine work among the Navajos
so far. The school carried from 130 to 140, though
its capacity is 120. These Navajos have been without
school at home for nearly ten years and the fact is very
noticable among the Navajo homes and old people, they
being very backward for that reason. The place to educate
Indians up to and through the sixth grade is in their
ow country and the Nava jos more than any other Indians,
We have practically no desertions and filled the school
to overflowing the first month. We could have taken a
100 more students if we had had the rooms to handle them.
The parents and relatives are encouraged to make this
school their school in an earnest effort to cement tho
influence of this school to the homes we want to im
prove. For that reason not a day of the school's session
passed without some old Navajos being present. It was a
usual sight to see old Indians attending the classrooms
with babies and staying all day, watching with great
interest the work of their boys and girls. Even at night
school sessions we have old Indians trying to learn with
boys and girls to speak English. I never saw better
interest. We made them welcome and friendly.
