Annual Report, 1926
San Juan Agency
Utah, 45 miles north west of Shiprock, and one at Tocito,
29 miles south of Shiprock. These employees are both
furnished with a Ford car, the man at Aneth also has
a sadale horse, and each covers as large a portion of the
reservetion as he is physically able. They spend their
entire time in the field, advising and assisting in ag
ricultural and stock raising operations, advising and as
sisting in the construction and maintenance of little
privately owned irrigation structures, settling ais
putes, etc., etc. However, even with their best efforts,
there are considerable portions of the reservation that
see their faces not oftener than three or four times a
year
The Stockman, equipped with a car, also spends his
entire time in the field, visiting with the" ndians,
advising as to the care and maintenance of their flocks,
inspecting suspected bands for scabies or disease, dipping
infected herds, etc., etc, incidentally settling disputes
as they come to his attention. Mr. Sophus Jensen has been
acting in this capacity for the past three years, during
which time both scabies and lice have been brought under
complete control. At the time of his assuming this posi
tion the reservation was under quarantine which was soon
raised as a result of his intelligent activities. Mr
Jensen is energetic and eficient, well liked by the
Indians as well as by the reprosen tatives of the Bureau
of Animal Industry with whom we deal
The Navajos are sheep raisers, and not in any sense
farmers. Every Navajo owns sheep, whereas, the acreage
available for agricultural purposes is exceedingly lin
ited. We have no means of knowing how many acres the
San Juan Navajo crop but, in the opinion of the Super
intendent, it would fall short of 10, 000 acres. Even so,
every acre that can be watered is cropped and usually
a considerable acreage is seeded upon which the crop is
more or less of a failure because of shortage of water.
If the snow- fall in the hills is sufficient to cause the
arroyas to run in the spring, this water is diverted into
their fields and perni tted to run there so long as there
be any water in the arroya. Then the corn is planted and
if the July rains come they are reasonably sure of a crop.
If the snow- fall in the mountains is not sufficient to
cause the arroyas to run, they do not attempt to plant
any corn. If the July rains fail to materialize the crops
fail and the efforts wasted.
37
