on Tuba City nbproba bky as a' result of Col.# Fason's repory coupon ymeeting tmeesoon after his arrival omhe said that he bhad come ito lanauh, among sothers,the allotments bthat had 0 sen made of my sland, dand asked mne to go and showI showed himhim the land, in order that there might be no mistake.everything he asked to see, and rendered him every possible assistance.He stated positively that he had come for the express purpose of annullIn alling those allotments.That was the last time I ever saw him.three of his visits he took no evidence whatever from the white settlerswe were given no hearing whatever by him.Instead of annulling the allotments referred to, Mahugh made areport to the Secretary of the Interior, an official copy of which I haveread, very strongly recommending their confirmation, stating among otherthings that it was very unfortunate that Col. Fas on nad permitted a Mormon to take him fr om Flags taff to Tuba City; that the meeting of Col.Fason with the Indi ans and whites had been held under Nebeker's( my) roofin the presence of a large number of white settlers; that the Indianswere thereby intimidated and embarassed, and consequently hesitated toassert their rights and claims; that they felt very badly because of whatthey had told Col. Fason; that the la nds in and around Tuba City hadalways been theirs, and that they did not want any other lands, etc.All of that part of Mahugh's report is untrue. The meeting ofCol. Fason with the Indians was held at the Indian village, about aquarter of a mile south of my place, in the open air. About 50 Indianswere present and the following named white men:D. Brinkerhoff, J. A.Allen, Alonzo Foutz, Stephen Heward, J. H. Lee, T. D. Lee, Col. Fason andmyself. All of the Indi ans spoke freely and without the slightest reserve, all stating positively that they had no claim, aside from the xxxxallotment to any of the Mormon's land, and particularly that none ofthem had ever had any other claim to my land or any part of it; that theyThey took Col.only wanted it now because" Washington" gave it to them.Fason to the line established by treaty between the settlers at Tuba Cityand the Indians more than twenty years ago, to avoid controversies, explaining that the line ran between two landmarks, pointing them out,and saying that under the said treaty the Indians were always to keep thelands on the east side of the line, and the whites were to keep the landson the west side; that the whites had lived up to their part of the