1
Commissioner- 8.
to the letter. The teachers, I believe, have prepared
daily outlines of instruotion, and submitted them to him.
He has also been very active in having schoolroom and play
ground equipment provided and we now have an ample supply
of these articles ready for installation.' The books on the
authorized list are adaptable to our work.
Carrying the children only to the third grade, we must
of necessity only have the little ones, and it has not been
practicable to introduce very much industrial training into
the schools, however, the girls have been given some instruction
in needlework and the boys have been given some instruotion
in doing the shores about the school.
The general character of the equipment and needs has been
heretofore mentioned.
Not very much can be said for the efficienty of the
teachers who have worked under this jurisdiction for the past
year, except two, intact the less said the better. Plans for
improvement are under way by the Indian Office. The teachers
at Taos have been transferred and new ones provided. Those at
Taos who were transferred, resigned. At Santa Clara last year
one teacher was temporary and one was permanent. The temporary
teachers was relieved June 30th and the permanent one was
transferred. Two new teachers have been appointed by the
Office. The temporary teacher, however, was fairly good, and
if she desires to come back to one of the other schools, which
has no teacher provided by your Office, I shall be pleased to
have her do 80.
I do not think the loyalty of any of the employes during
the past year could be questioned, neither do I think their
desire to do the right thing so far as teaching is concerned
could be questioned. It was merely a lack of ability to do
rather than a lack of desire. The schools have all adapted
themselves to meet the needs of the Indians, however, I do
not believe that anything startling or unusual has been
accomplished.
I do not know that there is any marked sentiment either
one way or the other concerning the intermingling of races.
These Indians are practically all fullbloods and seem to have
no desire to mingle with the whites in this respect. There
is some Mexican blood in all the Pueblos but, at this time,
there seems to be no desire on the part of the Indians to in
corurate any more of this mixture. On the other hand, it may
be Enat the Mexicans, themselves, are not desirous of further
infermarriage
.
We have no basis upon which to compare the total expenditure
