21- Hopipolice force is not very efficient in this respect. They would beif they had a white chief. What we need to assist us to betterresults is the extension of State laws governing misdemeanors tocover the reservation; and a white chief to direct the nativepolice and handle all Law and Order matters.Practically the only serious crime or offense committedby our Indians the past year is rape. We have sent a number tothe penitentiary for this crime. The next serious offense nowcommitted by our Indians is the refusal of many of the younger onesto marry legally, in accordance with the laws of the State-especially among the Hopis. This is a serious handicap to theseIndians. If we are ever to accomplish anything towards ultimatelygetting these Indians into state citizenship we must have betterhome conditions. No satisfactory progress along that line can bemade until there are some laws which cover these cases. This isthe greatest need of these Indians. With such laws it would beeasy for them to make more definite progress. As I say above, thething that would help most for best results in this respect is theestablishment of proper laws by either State or Federal legislationas now proposed by the office and the Commissioner. This legislationshould be hurried.with the help of the Navajo Council and the Hopi judgesof First Mesa we are doing good work and getting along with aslittle, or less, trouble than other reservation we know of, butthere must be State laws for misdemeanors, or Federal Laws enacted,or things will continually get worse. Without decent home and moralconditions there is little real hope for any people. These peopleare without laws which make for that necessary condition and theirmorality, especially among the Hopis, is nil. This condition is asevere and terrible handicap to any progress. I am for State Lawsextension over this reservation just as soon as they may be given us.There will have to be severe and general punishment,especially among the Hopis, before any noticable improvement canbe made with these people as to moral conditions. The Hopi isfrankly unmoral- and often viciously impertinent to an agent irhe suggests any change for the better in these present and discreditable conditions. It is not understood why the Governmenthas not acted in this matter long before this, it appearing tome one of the first things to do to get these people on the roadtoward better living conditions and ultimate self- supportingcitizenship