OUR HOSPITAL
It is with pride and security that we turn to our hospital, We are
proud of the efficient and courteous ptaff whose pictures you find on
another page. We are secure in the knowledge that our little aches and
pains as well as real illnesses are given kindly attention.
Our hospital has 56 beds, is well equipped, rates with other
hospitals in the city, and is approved by the American College of
Surgeons and Hospital Association.
Its staff consists of l medical officer, 7 nurses, 2 nurse aldes,
6 attendents, 2 cooks, 1 janitor, 2. male orderly, and a visiting eye and
dental officer.
.. tt.! STAFT
AP
Eric G. Johnson, M. D. Medical officer. Ruth Wilson Medical Technicien
Vesta L. Pulliam Director of Nurses Mildred House Medical Clerk
Ida L. Philip Staff Nurse
Olive Pike Ward Attendant
Esther Clifford Staff Nurse
Margaret Lujan Vard Attendant
Anno Bernall Staff Nurse
Helen Bhupla Ward Attendant
Abenita Johnson Staff Nurse
Martha Pecos Ward Attendant
Regina Scherrer Staff Nurse
Esther Martinez Ward Attendant
Josephine thelbah Staff Nurse...
Rena Van Doorne Cook
Lewis Bernal Assistant Gook
Juanita Romero Kitchen Attendant
Robert Harvey Janitor
Frank Apachito Orderly
SERVICES
Services consist of hospitalization of students requiring more
than dispensary treatment, physical examinations, chest x- rays,:
laboratory work, immunizations, dental treatment, ege examinations,
and out patient treatment.
The following pueblos are served by thds hospital: Santo Domingo,
Cochiti, Nambe, leseque, San Ildefonso, Santa Clara, and San Juan, Taos,
and Dulce since the closing of their hospitals, and St. Catherine' s
Mission School.
Any Indian cr Indian dependent I blood or more may receive treatment
at this hospital, Emergency cases regardless of race are admitted when
hospital facilities are unavailable in the city.
COOPERATION
The cooperative spirit of the school by which sepior students
vocationally interested in work at the hospital were allowed to partic
ipate as ward trainees. By so doing the students as well as the hospital
gained something.
The cooperative spirit of many members of the Santa Fe County
Medical Society in giving sonsultation and free medical, surgical, and
obstetrical assistance is greatly appreciated.
OUR EMTLCYEES CLUB
Mažy members of the Santa Fe Indian School stafi have their living
quarters in thes club, see firts page picture.
Bright, cheery, nicely furnished rooms are provided. The lagge living
rooms, halls, and bath rooms are taken care of by a detail of girls
each morning. The employees appreciate this fine service the girls and
their supervisor gives.
These employess are always sure of a delicious, wholesome meal,
promptly served by Mrs. Ela Redman who operates our dining room and
gives it a real home atmosphere.
