Las Cruces, N. M.May 15, 1897.Flennoy E. Fite being first duly sworn, according to law, bythe undersigned authority, upon his oath deposes and says, that he isacquainted with Lieut. V. E. Stottler, present agent of the MescaleroApache Indian Reservation, in the County of Dona Ana and Territory ofNew Mexico. Affiant futher states thae he is acquainted with Wilbur S.Shepherd who had a contract in connection with one George W. Maxwell ofTularosa, N. M., to fumish sheep to the said Lieut, Stottler, Agentaforesaid, for the benifit of the Indians, on the said Mescalero ApacheIndian Reservation. Afriant futher says that he aided and assistedin delivering about seventeen hundred( 1700) head of sheep to the abovenamea Agent, under the Shepherd and Maxwell contract, he affiant havingbeen employed by one Samuel Hill as the agent of the contractors aforesaid. These sheep were delivered between the 24th- day of December1896 and the 25th- day of February 1897, and were delivered in two sepa.rate bunches or lots and at different times. The first bunch containing about 1118 head and the last bunch about 52% head.Affiant futher says that of the first lot or bunch of sheep that 10head gave out and died on the road, that a great majority of them werevery poor and in bad condition generally.Agood many of them had scaband a large majority of them were old and of little value.Affiant futher says that the second or last bunch of sheep heaided in delivering to the said Stottler as Agent aforesaid were if anything in a worse condition than the first lot and about 20 of them gaveout and died on the road. They were very poor, scaby and old, and ofbut little or no value, Arriant says he does not think that the sheephe aided in delivering to the said Stottler as Agent aforesaid couldhave been sold on an average of seventy five( 75) cents per head,Affiant futher says that the first bunch of sheep deliveredat the aforementioned Agency were received by Lieut. Stottler himselfby putting his hand on the back of each sheen as it nassed 11+chute. The Agent also spoke to Capt. Miller and Mr. Ottis and tolathem to inspect the sheep as they came out.The second bunch were received by Liut, Stottler and Capt.Millor at the saw mill on Elk Cañon about sixteen miles southeast ofthe Agency. I will futher state that out of all the sheep. I aided indelivering at the Mescalero Agency, but two were rejected and they weresmall lambs. I will futher state that I am now twenty three( 23)years of age and that I have been in the sheep business all my life.Heretofore Hope, in the County of Eddy has been my post- officeaddress, but in the future Silver City, in the County of Grant N. M.-Vitness my signature the day and year first above written.คล11..flemmer FotoJohn H. Bryan, Rotary,Dona And bounty N. M.me.