Southern Pueblos Agency,
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
SECTION III
SCHOOLS
( Dictated by Homer L. Morrison, Day School Representative)
The public schools and the pueblo day schools do not conflict
at any point. The only public school attended by pueblo children
in this district is at Laguna. A small school is maintained there
for the benefit of the white children and some mixed blood Indian
families living within the district of the Laguna day school.
The public school and the day school are very close together and
relations between the two have always been very cordial. The Day
School Representative visits the public school during the year,
and tuition has been paid by the Federal Government to assist in
the upkeep of the school.
The Indian children of the Southern Pueblos jurisdiction
have ample school facilities, day schools being located in all
pueblo villages at this time. A new school is now being construct
ed at the Sandia pueblo, which was the only place within the dis
trict where there were enough children to justify a school and
where a school had not been provided before.
ble
and
live
ois
very
poor
another
ye
All of our schools are in need of more furniture. Iew schools
have been constructed at Jemez, Sandia, McCartys, and Chicale. Our
orders for furniture to replace worn out pieces at the old schools
and to fit out the new schools so as to make the employees' quarters
confortable and liveable, have been cut out of the Annual Estimate,
This leaves our schools very poorly equipped. Attention should be
given to this matter so that in another year the order for furniture
for this district will be approved in the Indian Office and our
schools be brought up to a standard which will be satisfactory to
employees and visiting officials..
s matter is very poween cut meike the com the old se
be brought will be hat in my equiput of themployees, schools
ose
who
maling
schoolbion
schooreasin
The only graduates of our schools are those who complete the
sixth grade. All those who are over the age of 16 are sent to the
Albuquerque or Santa Fe Boarding Schools, unless the parents elect
to send them to one of the various Mission Schools operating in this
state. The outlook is good and there is an increasing number of
Indian children going to the higher grades. At the present time
it does not appear that any Indian child who is mentally capable
of carrying high school subjects should be deprived of a High School
education:
There is only one Mission School located within the jurisdict
ion of this Agency. One Sister in this school is still a Civil
Service employee and received a salary the same as other Govern
ment employees. The work of the Mission School has been satis
