Ciroular No. 2316
1927
Northern. Nava jo Agenoy
has come from oil operations in the vicinity of Shiprock. Eight
miles southwest of Shiprook, drilling operations have shown the ex
istence of an abundant supply of reasonably desirable water at a
depth of less than two thousand feet and another well drilled seven
miles northeast of Shiprock shows the existence of the same water
at about the same depth. Hence, it is quite reasonable to suppose
and to assume that the same water may be found at approximately the
same depth at Shiprock. Local oil operators have advised that they
are ready to enter into contract with the government to drill a well
at Shiprock and connect it with the present water system. These wells
are all flowing wells and it is reasonable to suppose that the well,
if drilled at Shiprock, will also be a flowing well. This well can
be drilleå, casea, and connected with the present system for less
than$ 30, 000. As soon as the drilling of the above mentioned wells
disclosed the existence of this water at less than two thousand feet
at Shiprock, the Indians of the jurisdiction requested that Congress
authorize an expenditure from Tribal Funäs sufficient to insure the
well. Provision for this money was made in the Second Deficiency
Bill and the fate of this bill is well- lonown. As soon as Congress
reassembles, the matter should be brought before it.
The school farm is about 50% efficient, owing to the rise of
the water table. The drain ditohes dug in 1925 continue to operate
effectively and have greatly improved conditions. We have seventy
acres of barley this season, sowed on land that one of these dit
ches has reclaimed.
The San Juan River conditions remain unchanged and constitute
an ever present menace.
The orchard set out last year was refilled this year and 95%
of the trees are living and doing as well as could be expected.
The present farmer is an active, energetic, hard working man. He
knows soil and how to handle it. Under his management, I am expect
ing better results from the farm.
The employees for the most part have been faithful, loyal
efficient. There are always a few that help to lower the general
average, but I am thankful to say the percentage of this type has
been low. The reservation schools have no graduates. The trans
fer system has taken care of this. Four years ago, we had a large
sisth grade. Today, over 8757 of the pupils at the San Juan School
Lave been out of the camps less than two years. This school has
but forty- nine pupils above second grade, thirty of which are in
the third grade, the emainder being pupils that were physic lly
unfit for transfer.
The graduates that return from the non- reservation schools
for the most part do very well. Tlis is especially true of the boys
and the outlook for boy graduates is hopeful. Most of them secure
enployment as soon as they return and at goo, wages, and of those
- 12
