ANNUAL REPORT, 1925.
Ige 1
NARRATIVE.
PÚBLO BONITO.
During the past year additional sleeping porches
were added to the three boys dormitories, and we can
now accomo da te 350 children withoutoovercrowding.
A kindergarten building is under construction and will be
nearly ready for occupanoy, September first. One double
cottage has been constructed for married employees,
bit we are still in great need for more employees cottages
as the accomadations for emoloyees have not kept pace
with the growth of the school.
Our police force has been reduced to three, so that
at times it is hard to do effective work with such a
small force.
Another Stockman position should be established
and a man placed somewhere in the Torreones country as
those Indians are far removed from Civilizing influeno
and no one near to whom they can look for advice as the
agency is 50 to 75 miles from this country and they must
make a long journey to get in touch with a stockman or
the Superintendent.
The range situation remains about the game and a few
politicians continue to manipulate the range on the public
domain to their own gain and to the detriment of
many
Indians.
Reservoir construction is given more attention each year
and consid rable wotk of this nature has been accomplished
the past year.
The shooting of Juan Toledo last February caused quite
an excitement among the settlers on the Torreones, but was
brought about by the poor judgment of one rancher named
Lacy Bird, who with Ed Blanchfill were deputized to
arrest Juan and not having an Interpreter, serious trouble
was started and a number of shots exchanged and Juan finally
shot from left rear by Bird with a 30; 30 rifle tearing off
Juan's jaw. He was taken to Albuquerque, where he was given skille
d surgical attention by Dr. Cornish and son and his life
saved. This is the only trouble of a serious nature that
odcurred the past year. These men were acquitted but
a little tact on their part and there would not have been
any trouble whatever.
