1
( 3)
railroad and cloest buying points are considered, the travel
necessary varies from 100 to several hundreds of miles,
When it is considered that all this must be done by automobile
( tin lizards) when possible, and by team when not possible to autos
owing to condition of roads in winter months, and that there is no
means of prompter communication than& decrepit mail service subject
to the mental vageries of a Mormon contractor, the difficulties
incident to the management of business is apparent.
The Agency is at an elevation of 6,660 feet above sea level.
This produces a charming winter season. The past eight winters
have show records ranging from zero to 24 degrees below zero.
The winter of 1918-1919 determined to better this record, and
dropped the temperature to 30 degrees below zero at one time,
and at most other times it was twittering between zero and 17 below.
The tourist will tell you that the Moqui Reservation has a sweet
and deliciously beautiful climate, and it HAS, when most empty
headed tourists arrivo, in the Snake Dance season, August- September
of each year.
The Moqui Indian Agency is located in Keams Canon, close to
the eastern line of the reserve, and about_85_miles directly north
of Holbrook, Arizona, a town on the Santa Fe Railway. Holbrook
18 now the mail, telegraph, and freight- receiving point for all
the reservation. Telegrams are received at the Agency by Mail,
three times a week, when the contractor referred to above elects.
During the winter of 1918-1919 one telegram was fourteen days
reaching the Agency from Holbrook. The attention of the Postal
Insped tor for Arizona and of the Post Office Department at Washington
has been invited to this astounding piece of efficienoy; but it
must be stated that the postal service is being served very cheap,
and the fact that all communication has been stopped at times for
periods of five to ten days onght not bring too harsh criticism
on the head of a man who is seeking to serve his country for nothing.
The exact boundaries of the Moqui Reservation have not been
surveyed and therefore are not posted. One consults a map and
hopes to be correct. In my report for 1917 it was stated that
the south line had been surveyed and was, at one time, marked.
This was an error. This line may be estimated as to location
from the survey of the most southerly townships on the reservation,
and it could be fixed at little expense, and should be.
A8 stated above, the climate receives its description from those
who approach in summer and the early autum, when it is seldom
excessively warm. Extreme temperatures are often experienced,
however, in the late autumn, winter and some times late in the spring.
Treos do not bud here until Juno. Hall and sleet storms aro
common to May and there have been damaging freezo8 as late as
May 20. Snowfall in inches formthe last nine years follows:
