1
1
1
1
( 13)
night details. Visiting between the mesa villages generally, and
from the infected districts to the non- infected, was thus stopped.
The guards were not furnished by the Hopi in an amicable spirit.
It was necessary to enforce their obedience, employes being used to
supervise this work, and at one time it was necessary to threaten to
establish a rifle- guard.
At the Second Mesa towns all sick were removed from the infected
mesa homes to a quite thoroughly equipped hospital at the Second Mesa
Day School. Most of the day school pupils were dismissed and the
school buildings used for this hospital purpose. It was necessary
to use force in this operation, and to promptly arrest and imprison
several of the belligerents who opposed the plan. A Hopi quite
always opposes anything outside his routine mode of life. It was
also necessary to quarantine( practically imprison) all the Hopi
women whose children were in the hospital. The work began in May
and continued until sometime in July. The mortality, directly
chargeable to measles, was 20, of which nine had died on the mesas
prior to the opening of the field hospital.
While it is believed that the Hopi appreciate NOW the means adopted
to protect and cure their children, it is quite certain that whenever
the occasion again presents itself the same forceful means will have
to be used to accomplish anything. For instance, at one time the
men of Second Mesa decided that they would threaten the field hospital
out of business, because the food served( which was of the best, and
the lire no Hopi had ever experienced before) and the methods of
treatment used, were not just in accordance with old Hopi doctrine-
the doctrine that had cleared more than 200 children from the 1911-12
census. This threatening attitude was promptly squelched one morning
at sunrise, and therefore the work proceeded without trouble.
It should be understood that it is a far easier matter to discipline
and regulate the Hopi than the Navajo. The Hopi is" get- at- able."
All required to meet and overthrow Hopi opposition is a backbone.
He can be reached in his mesa home, counseled, harangued, and advised,
and then promptly arrested if he breaks instructions. But the Navajo
is a nomad, who does not wish to receive unpleasant advices, and who
avoids same. Each one presents an individual case to be run dovm.
In numbers they can be found at ceremonial dances and medicine sings,
when the forces on the side of the superintendent are entirely too
weak to consider using the same methods. Many of the Hopi can speak
and understand English; practically none of the Navajo are so open
to discussion. Interpreters, of the sort available, are treacherous
and dangerous. And the Navajoes advised at tonight's sitting are
forty miles off in the morning.
Considering the quite large Hospital at the Moqui Agency, Keams
Canon, Arizona, and the two field dispensaries, facilities in plenty
are at hand for the safeguarding of the Hopi from epidemics and
general disease, insofar as they will accept same. And when the
cáse is serious enough in menace, they are forced to accept same.
