1
1
1
( 2)
the freight receiving point at present for the reservation.
The mail and telegrams are received via Gallup, New Mexico, a
point distant 105 miles from Keams Canon. There is no telephonic
or telegraphic communication with these railroad points, and hence
serious delays in the transaction of important business.- In case
of trouble concerning Law& Order, the Moqui Agency would be entirely
cut off without means of communication other than by messenger.
This condition has been the subject of considerable discussion in
the past, for the Moqui Reservation has experienced its troubles;
but no steps have been taken to correct the situation. This will
be referred to later, since it is a matter of greater import today
than ever before, owing to increase in the liquor traffic among
the Nava jo Indians.
The altitude of the Agency is said to be 6,660 feet.
The exact boundaries of the reservation have never been accurately
fixed( save with respect to the south line, which, although surveyed
and marked at one time, was not posted). For alí matters concerning
the fixing of jurisdiction, see the report of Inspector 6. S. Traylor,
made in June 1916, after trip of nearly six weeks travel over the
Moqui country. Áll locations incident to the Moqui business and
its population were visited at that time, the Inspector and Superin
tendent having travelled 1,000 miles and having crossed the lines
but five times.
The visitor, who elects to come in summer, and usually for the
purpose of taking photographs and the acquirement of useless informa
tion, believes and reports the climate a mild one. It is seldom
excessively hot in summer. Extreme conditions of temperature are
experienced, however, in the late autum, winter, and often in late
spring. Most midwinter nights show below zero records. Two of the
last ten years had records of 24 degrees below zero. Snowfall in
inches for the last seven years follows:
1910-----
27:00"
1911----
21.50"
1912----
52:00"
1913----
39:75"
1914-
54:50"
1915----
44:50"
1916-----
39:25"
In 1908 there was snow as late as May, in 1912 early in October.
Hail and sleet storms are common in late May, and there have been
damaging freezes as late as May 20.
It will thus be seen that the growing season is a very short one.
Agriculture and fruit- growing are menaced always by cold nights and
late spring flarebacks. This" winter season" that may begin in
October and last until June, presents many handicaps to the prompt
and proper handling of Government business, especially in condition
of roads, over which supplies necessary to the conduct of the reserve
must be transported by Indian wagon- teams.
January, February and March
