Nicole Abeyta/ babysneekee_ 08@ hotmail. comWell what can i say its been a long freakin 6 years!! well iwould firstly like to thank my mom and dad for everythingthat they have done for me. Secondly i would like to thankmy Grandparents without them i dont know where i wouldbe. Lastly i would like to thank my friends Amanda aka Chis andNatalia for always being there 4 me. To my little brother keep urhead up and in dem books! To the senior class thanks for all thememories. Congrats! We made it!!* 2008*Amanda Tafoya/ atafoya2004@ yahoo. comThanx 4 all the laughs Nikki! It was a great year GoodLuck Jordan, Riah, Amber n Johnny!Albert Abeita/ abeita_ 2000@ yahoo. comI would like to thank my mother for always encouraging me to dobetter in school and pushing me to do my work when I don' t wantto... Love ya mom your my numero uno!!! I would also like to thankArthur for blocking myspace, bebo, youtube, if it wasn' t for BlackMambo l probably wouldn' t be doing my homework. I would alsolike to thank the staff that are on duty in the lunch room who aretrying to stop kids from cutting in line although some are sneaky toget by.Tricia Coriz/ slipknot_ angel_ 08@ yahoo. comI would like to thank my parents who raised me andencouraging me to stay in school. I would also liketo thank Corn because for encouraging me to stay inschool and finish school. This advice to my youngerbros and sisters, stay in school, don' t put things oftill the last minute and pay attetion. I also want tothank everyone here at SFIS for giving me the bestfour years of high school. To my friends Tunte Chavez,Desiree Roybal, and Alan Tafoya.Sabrina Nieto/ hieyah@ msn. comHello!!!! Well, first of all I would like to say that this last year of my senior year was crazy!! But I had fun. I would like to thank Godmost of all for letting me get this far in my life. Next, my family especially my mom thank you for supporting me I Love you guys!!!Also, I' d like to thank my teachers thanks for all the knowledge. Jon Thank you for always being there I love you!! To my friends youknow who you are Thank you for the love and friendship. Peace!Senior Shout OutsAmanda Lucero/ princess_ 2005_ 2008@ yahoo. comwell first of all i wanted to thank my family and friends for helping meget threw the year. Thanks to my parents for pushing me to get mywork done. everyone for helping me with anything i needed help with.goodluck to my Brother DEREK... you can do it jay! i love you! yea and ithink thats it! i love you all!!! I DID IT!!!!!!Jasilyn Martinez/ jasilyn 2004@ yahoo. comFirst i like to thank my parents and family for bringthere for me and having faith in me. I also like tothank my my frens, kathy, sabrina, ash, deanne, lil d, andeverybody love you guys We did guys SENIORS c/ o2008Deanna Romero/ boshads90@ yahoo. comSENIORS!! WE MADE IT!! I THANK ALL OF MY FRIENDS, YOU KNOW WHOYOU ARE!! Lets meet up in the future. MY FAMILY, I LOVE ALL OF YOU! TOMY SQUISHY, I LOVE YOU WITH ALL OF MY HEART!! I LOVE YOU GUYS!!Thelissa Tolth/ Nativegirl_ 232000@ yahoo. comHope i see all after i graduate... so i' ll mmiss all the good times i had with all of my friends. They were funny and crazy but youguys were cool haha. Thanks for my mom and dad and Avis for the motivation and all the other things you' ve help me with. Theteachers Kambiets you make class fun with your little changes of accients and Shaun made lunch and school cool with your jokes.I' ll miss you the schools years at SFIS with, Sherri, Jada, Kris, Mariah, Maya, April J., and Jordan WUV YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!Lindsey Histia/ heetsetaye_ 1@ yahoo. comWow! we out 08!! OMG! I love every one! take care n stay safe!! thanks toall my frenz and family for getting me through it, ya know! Yaw! PeaceOut SFIS! Hold it Down! Word!!!Bryson Martinez/Well Its Come To The End For My High School Years. I Want To Thank My Family For All The Encouragement, To My Grandpa I Did It R. I. PILove You, To Second Floor Dorm Staff For Putting Up With Me. To Dered, Adam, Bird, Kris, Robz, Jimmz, Nez, Sean, And To Anyone I Didn' tName Thanks For All The Stupied Laughs Throughout My Time Here. I' m Out “ Class Of 2008"Congratulations...114