- 6-
school may be constructed at the Nutria village later, after
the one at Ojo Caliente has proven its value to the people.
During the past year the Irrigation Department has completed the
development work at Pescado in the construction of a storage
dam, the drainage of the water- logged lands there, and the build
ing of a diversion dam upon Pescado Creek. This has practically
doubled the lands which can be irrigated in that district and
has been of immense benefit to the Indians located at Pescado.
At Nutria a diversion dam has been constructed with a spillway
through the rock hogback-- a vertical formation where the diver
sion dam was constructed. The heavy floods washed out the di
version dam but with Indian labor this was reconstructed in the
early spring. Unfortunately, late in the spring a snow fell
which melted over- night-- before the new dam was fully settled--
and again it washed out. The Indians, with some help from the
Irrigation Department, reconstructed this dam and by placing a
rock surface upon it have made a permanent structure of it, with
a sufficiently large spillway that there is no danger of floods
again carrying it away. This dam, which replaces one construct
ed by the Indians a number of years ago, has doubled the irri
gable land at that point and will be of immense benefit to the
Indians of that section.
We now have the Ojo Caliente project, which requires drainage,
the construction of a spillway, and the placing of a number of
dams in an arroyo which is undermining the springs and storage
dams there, which will complete the necessary work upon the out
lying farming communities.
The Irrigation Department will furnish your office the amount
that will be required for making these needed improvements at
Ojo Caliente.
Reports have been made with reference to the breaking of the
Blackrock dam, and at the present time the Irrigation Department
is making repairs' there. A silt dam is now being built upon the
upper Nutria stream and it is hoped that the larger project on
the upper Nutria storage dam may be completed in order that the
providing of permanent irrigating facilities at the Zuni village
may be done upon as early a date as possible as it has been prov
en by experiments carried on the past year that with an upper
