diroular No. 2316
Northern Navajo Agency
1927
NARRATIVE SECTION
І
E
E
SECTION I-
- LAW AND ORDER
The agenoy buildings are reasonably sufficient for present
day needs. The water supply, which is from the same source as
the San Juan School supply, is altogether unsatisfactory and un
desirable. Especially is this true during the winter months
when the souroe is a surface well,
Agency employees are sufficient in number to properly ad
minister the affairs of the jurisdiction except that there should
be two assistant distriot farmer positions created to be filled
by educated Indians, paying a salary of$ 900 per year, one to be
located at Denehotso, one hundred miles west of Shiprock, and one
to be located at Tosiycon, fifty- five miles west of Ship rock,
The police force has been reduced from year to year until it too
is insufficient in number to give the jurisdiction the attention
it should receive. There are but two physicians for the entire
jurisdiction, and neither of them could be called an agency em
ployee. There should be at least one physician and two would be
better for reservation work exclusively.
The Navajos of this jurisdiction are a peace- loving people,
They are by far too busy trying to make a living to have much
time to indulge in disorder or crime. There has been no seri
ous crime committed on the reservation during the year. We
have had a few family troubles, a few quarrels over range or
water, a few cases of adultery. There is no federal statute
covering bigamy or polygamy, and it is my opinion a dininistration
would be relieved if these matters could be controlled by lavi.
So far as I have been able to determine, after living with
these people four years, the Nava jos have no purely social
gathering. They have a form of gathering locally lonown to the
whites as" sings," which are held by medicine men throughout
the year in treating those that are mentally or physically sick.
In addition to this, the medicine men hola Ya betohi and Fire
dances for the same purpose during the winter months when the
bears and snakes and lightning are asleep. These dances, like
the" sings," are held by medicine men solely in treatment of the
sick and may be held only during the winter months. These
gatherings do not interfere with their work and do not retard
the industrial advancement of the l' avajos and until some other
form of treatment of the sick can be provided, I see no course
for the authorities to pursue other than to ignore them. There
is no doubt that these medicine men or some of them have the
ability to relieve certain ailments, and until a more intelligent
means of caring for the sick is providea, the Nava jos should not
be deprived of their services, which constitute the only medical
attention available to a large percentage of them.
J. OP.
