B- 1142DUPLICATEDEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIORTAL/*UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICEOBERIORALJUL121918cevINDIANAABOушіAnArtaAnnual Report.1918.Leupp Indian School& AgencyLeupp, Arizona.NARRATIVE.Section 1.---Law and Order.The jurisdiction extends for 150 miles along the south boundary ofthe Moqui Reservation; the Western Navajo Reservation; and south- weston the Little Colorado River. There is one farmers' station on theeextreme eastern end of the withdrawal known as the Castle Butte.District. No resident employes of any kind, and no stations are provided for the rest of the jurisdiction. Naturally under such circumstances it is difficult to properly care for the interests ofsixteen hundred Indians,2. There are not sufficient agency employes in the industrialdepartments to look after the reservation work of all kinds. Butsuch employes would have to be provided with stations and a fullequipment to be efficient.3. These Indians make little serious trouble. They gamble to someextent in spite of the police and the regulations. There is littleor no drinking.4. They dance and sing as of old. Everyone participates in thesedances and sings. They are a link that ties the Indians to their oldcustoms and to some extent holds them ba ck.5. The old marriage customs are still followed. I discourage thispractice in every way that I can, but do not understand that I havea legal right to stop it or inflice punishment for the præ tice.6. The usual missionary efforts are being made among these Indians.7. There is practically no drinking an ong Indians under my charge.8. Whiskey is very rarely introduced.Gallup, N. Mex. is the only place it can be obtained with facility.But I took some of them through the County Courts and they quit.10 No saloons in Arizona any more. 12. State authorities helpsuppress liquor traffic all they can. 13. No intoxicating beverages made by the se Indians and no drags used, 14. No use of drugs,15. Wiped out a possible source of alcohol. 16. Supervise all trafficof the traders. 17. No further legislation necessary by the State tohandle the liquor traffic. 18. Prohibition in Arizona has been of thegreatest possible benefit to the Indians of the State 19. My policereport little gambling. They have great difficulty in catching theIndians in the act, 20. Orders are issued against it and punishmentis hard labor. 21. I know of no important decisions by State orFedeaal Courts a fecting these Indians,9.22- 25. These Indiansare not sufficientlyadvancedor educated toreally understand much about the war. They are very much opposedtoenlisting, but are not in any sense disloyal. I know of none enlistingfrom this jurisdiction. They should have been includedin the draft.Particularlythe beneficiariesof this countrys bounty should havebeen required to" do their bit". They would make fine soldiers.