LASTWORDSHello my FAVORITE SENIORSWe have been through four short years, yet we have created millions of memories that willNEVER be forgotten. We have grown on each other so much. We are FAMILY. Although wemay frown to say goodbye to our high school friends& history, we smile from ear to ear as wesay hello to new beginnings. I' ll MISS you tons, especially my suuwuu sisters who I spent 24/ 7with! I love you babies, including GARTH! Could say more, but I have to cut it short! Thankyou EVERYONE for EVERYTHING! Great thanks to my mum, Mrs. Herrera! I LOVEYOU! As you all know, I am the baddest MC here, and I' m kicking it to my main man,Montell Jordan with this song-- This is how we do it, its Friday night. And it' s alright, so wereach for our diplomas, teachers in the hall say “ seniors, yo you made it! ” It feels so good inmy hood tonight. This is how WE do it, all hands are in the air and wave them from here tothere. CLASS OF 2011 GOOD LUCK I LOVE YOU! Love KennaMikennaQuintanaFirst and foremost, I' d like to thank my amazing parents for encouraging me to dream big,reach above the stars, go past infinity and beyond. To my totally humorous brothers Emerson,Waylon, Rodney and Kurvin, thanks for making all my dreams come true. Thank you, too, forthe everyday support and advice. To the dorm staff, especially Crystal and Priscilla, thank youfor pushing me to do my work and helping me achieve in high school. Last, but definitely notleast, I' d like to thank the friends that I' ve come to known here at SFIS over the past sixyears. Friends from beginning to finish, and new ones that came along the way: you have allmade my high school years the best! To John, Evan, Erik, Donny, Daph and Hez, I LOVEYOU ALL GREATLY! Thank you for always being there for me through thick and thin. Youare the BESTEST! Others such as, Christina, Justina, Jess, Anthony, Kyle, Erica, Marcus,Jeremiah, and Felicia, thanks for all the laughs and the funny memories! As these six longyears come to an end, I look back at all the memories that we all shared and I am very gratefulfor everything. I' d like to congratulate my fellow scholars for our accomplishment and to excelto the next phase of life! We finally did it Class of 2011!JamitaRosettaI came to Santa Fe Indian School as a freshman in the fall of 2007. Who knew four yearswould come this fast? Now, it is the year 2011, and I don' t want to say goodbye. To me,everyday here was worth it because there was always a challenge. Whether it was in academicsor after school, I always had obstacles to overcome, but now I can say “ I made it ”. Eventhough I wasn' t a straight “ A ” student, I would like to thank all the teachers who made itpossible for me to receive a greater education here at Santa Fe Indian School. I would also liketo thank all my friends who made it enjoyable to attend school on a regular basis. With thatsaid, I would like to make a shout out to all my respected friends: Jerome, Franky, Newt,Ross, Irvin, Danella, Karesten, Michael P., Dylan Sanchez, Terrell, Kerry, the Cochiti Crew,John, Adonis, Clint, Dylan Sandia, Dylan L., Donovan, Evan, Erik, Patrick L. C., Damon,Jennifer, Martha, Ziara, to all my coaches and everybody who ran Cross Country, and toeverybody else who I forgot to mention. “ CLASS OF 2011 ”, we did it! Ooorah!!!CalvinSalas