98
( 0)
Heating 1. by wood and oval nove and se goud- w**
obtaanud by that syssuto
( d) Lighting is by kerosene lampa,
1 Blacksmith shop.
1 Carpenter Shop,
with addition.
These are frame buildings and they are a disgrace
to the school and should be tom dorm. In view
of the proposei inermagod capacity and growing
needs of this school, I doom$$ as absolute
necessity to have hen& radu building and one
fully equipped and lar #nough tº teach allt the
various trades that showid be a course of instruc
tion in a school of the kind or the patru
tion of a building of the wind. 3 moi carneat
ly, urgently recommend that • Biam not loss than
$ 15000.00 be appropriated, As I consider the same
for the best interests of this school and the
Indian Sorvice.
squipment of Shop.
In order to properly equip this shop, and to
carry on the various industries as desired by
your office and myself, it will be absolutely
necessary to have thergin one 50 horse power on
gine, a good large boilers, one heater and filterer,
160 feet of shafting with sufficient hangers,
pulleys, steam gauges, one purnp, valves and pres
sure gauge.
In this connection I have also tak on
into consideration and included in my estimat. suf
f'icient piping for conveying steam heat to all
necessary buildings on the place. Th. total coat
for the same will not exceed$ 5775.00 and I most
respectfully ask your favorable consideration of
the same.
School Building Extension.
Its capacityis about 150. There are now
about 300 pupils on the ground. It will thuretor.
be necessary to still use the rooms in the main
building for school purposes.
Inview of this
fact, I most earnestly and urgently recommend
that an addition te made to this school building
to incruase to thrue hundred capacity. The cout
for the same will be$ 6600.00 which I consider as
most conservative and I respectfully ask you to
favorably consider the same
amintory.
One of the great neds of this school 18 a
do rrintory building will capacity of not loss
than 350. The appropriation for tais building
should be most suriously considered and without
delay
.
I have no hesitanoy whatever in saying
that it can be fillud as soon as compiutod. In
dian Agons Walpole my inapoker of my
Burton aguru muthay aur ARM IN, ANGO
