6.
1930.
NARRATIVE SECTION.
INDUSTRIES,
SEC. 4.
EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION.
The majority of the Indians of this jurisdiction live upon the
public domain, about half of them have received allotments of 160
& cres. At this time approximately 7,300 Indians have been recorded
and finger printed, the greater part of this work was accomplished
during the year and which is the first authentic record ever made of
this population. In 1907 an Exeoutive Order by the President was made
effective withdrawing apart of this Indian Country until such a time as
the Indians living therein could be allotted. Three Alloting Agents
were placed in the field for a time, but the politicians and
stockmen of New Mexico brought pressure to bear and the allotment
work was nevet completed, and the Department permitted the opening
up of the remainder of this land which the Indians were using bene
ficially and subject to all forms of entry tho we urged that the
area be held definitely for the use of the Indians. The result is
that the Indians have lost much of the range they once occupied and
used. Efforts to have the Extension reestablished have met with
defeat due to selfish action by the politicians of this state, and
in fact every constructive move that has been made to protect these
Indians and establish them in position to remain successful has been
barred. They succeeded in having Congress pass a law taking away
the power of the President to make by proclamation Executive Order
Extensions, and we have been at the mercy of this outrageous situa
tion ever since. Secretary Fall permitted illegal fences to be
built and remain a barrier to the Indians in the use of Government
lands, simply to benefit a few of his political friends at the ex
pense of several thousand Indians. This situation remains unchanged.
In the second deficiency bill of the 70th Congress, Commissioner
Burke and Assistant Commissioner Merritt, with the help of friends,
were successful in securing an appropriation for the purchase of
lands for these unfortunate public domain Navajos, and it would seem
that already politicians and stock organizations are seeking to en
list the aid of the Honorable Secretary of the Interior in stopping
this plan of action. The most comprehensive program that can be put
forward. A number of propositions are now before the office and we
urge that the new Administration investigate the situation, and we
feel confident that the purchase of land will go forward without
delay, for no one can put forth a constructive program unless there
is some thing to build upon. The home, the range, water development,
livestock improvement, and the uncertainty and possibility of their
losing their homes and range have confronted these Indians for more
than twenty years, and it is high time that some thing very definite
be done for placing them in position to continue to be self- support
ing. To add to this unfortunate position, Senator Bratton has intro
duced a bill in Congress which, if it becomes a law, will give all
of the Government lands to the several southwestern States and surely
would be the finish of the Indian stockman, as there is open hostility
towards the Indians by the people of the State, and they go on record
