I
The Indian dances are indulged quite extensively by practically
all of the Pueblo Ind lans. Those dances are all religeous in character
and the people cling to them tenaciously. While the Pueblos do not
generally neglect productive labor to indulge in these dances, yet
it is thought they perhaps are devo ting more time then is advisable
and at the same time are perhaps instructing the children to attach too
much importance to the dance. The se ceremonial dances are encouraged by
the artists and sentimentalist throughout the country and on account of
their ceremoonial and religdous character would be difficult to combat.
It is believed the dance question will eventually solve itself without
any adverse legislation or stringent action upon the part of goveriment
employees. Education, 1f per sisted in, will eventually be the means of
cau sing the younger Indians to voluntarily discontinue the dance, At
the present time there is no interference with the children and returned
students both viewing and participating in the dance. In fact the
elder Ind ians make it a point to see that children even of a tender age
are thoroughly instructed in all the ceremonies of the dance. Only after
the children reach the point where they are transferred to the boarding
school, is it practicable to keep them from the Pueblos and from attend
ing the dances regularly.
The Pueblo Ind lans quite generally comply with state laws regarding
marriage and divorce. There are, however, a few notable exceptions
and to meet such cases the re should be some Federal legislation. The
state author ities do not generally care to interfere any further than to
issue licenses and perform marriage ceremonies, hear divorce cases and
grant decrees when same are presented to them by interested ja rties.
In all cases where these laws are not complied with and same come to the
attention of the superintendent every effort is made to induce the
offenders to comply with the laws. Moral suasion is generally sufficient
to bring about a compliance with the laws. However, there are exceptional
cases where some federal legislation might be of material assistance.
The superintendent of this agency is not deputized by the state to issue
marriage licenses to Indians. It is believed the t state laws are adequate
to meet conditions provided the State be willing to accept jurisdiction to
surrender such jurisdiction. Believing that the time is not right for the
Federal Government to sur render any jurisdiction over the Pueblo Indians,
I would think that federal legislation framed along the lines of present
state laws would be desirable.
Indian Courts are generally pem itted to handle all cases of minor
offenses without consulting with the superintendent. Adequate punishment
either in the way of fine or imprisonment is imposed by the judge who is
