- 2-
than can be expected by our Indians. However, every bit of the
alfalfa produced here can be advantageously used in the feeding
of the Indian' s flocks and a good price in this manner obtained
by the increase in the lamb and wool crop.
These Indians save their seed and are generally well supplied
with same. They do not understand cold frame or hot bed produc
tion, but an attempt will be made the coming spring to have a hot
" bed constructed at each of the districts for the common use of the
Indians. This to be given oversight by the agency farmer.
There is both a green house and a hot bed at the agency for
supplying, not only for the gardens at the Day and Sanatorium
Schools, but plants from these are issued to the Indians.
No test was made of the seeds used by the Indians. Their
corn and wheat have a high germination percentage as a good stand
was obtained from both. The same may be said of their other gar
den and field seeds.
As noted above, this office has used its efforts toward the
organization of the Indians into farm chapters in order that they
may work to better advantage when so organized. By visits both
by the superintendent and farmer, the Indian is encouraged to make
greater errorts along farming lines and encouragement is also given
in assisting the Indians in providing dams for impounding a larger
amount of water for use on their farms. There is a situation exist
ing on this reservation which this office is endeavoring to remedy.
Some of the Indians are holding too great an acreage while some
have none. Those with the larger tracts are like the dog in the
manger-- they cannot farm it themselves and will not allow others
to do so without paying to them a rental for the land. As this is
all tribal with no title land, through the officers of the tribe,
an effort is being made to insist upon them giving up of surplus
lands to those who have none by those Indians claiming title by
inheritance to these larger tracts.
These Indians have their holdings, both in farm lands and for
sheep, by clans or by families. They also owm their farm implements
in the same manner. While they are not as well supplied as they
should be, they could secure needed equipment for their work if
they really desire to do so. In a great many cases, the Indian
who is perhaps short on farm equipment, manages to become the owner
of a second- hand Ford. If the same efforts were made toward the
purchase of implements as securing a car, they could all be well
supplied with farming equipment.
The only livestock purchased for these Indians has been pure
bred rams for their flocks. They give this stock good care and it
has proven of great value to them. They have sufficient teams for
their use and in addition to their work horses, which are generally
of good quality, there are entirely too many scrub horses or ponies
running on the reservation. This is one of the problems that this
office is endeavoring to solve and will in time adjust itself as
the Indians realize the economic loss from allowing such stock to
use the pasture so much needed for his sheep, which is his main
- 2-
