LO DE SANTA CLAR.uous ec Se To repo t and the tabulation speak for them.selves.Q. The tabulation does separatelygive theloss to the Indiansand also the value ofimprovements, which is construedby youas the value of the landless improvements thereon--itgives that separately, but doesnot give separately the valueof the land less the improvements thereonand therein. Isthat correct?Mr. Hagerman:A. You arewrong according to my interpretation. TheBoard' s report as now filed and of record includes the text ofthe reportand also includes this explanatoryschedule. Taking them both together, as they should be taken together, theydo definitelyand clearly complywith the law inactually giv.ing the fair market value of the tracts; second, the valuelessthe improvementsmade thereon;and third, thevalue less theimprovementsplaced therein andmade thereon, which is thesame as theloss to the Indians,In makingour report to the court based to the extent itwas on this tabulationwe took thefigures of the appraisersfor all valuations of land less than$ 35, an acre and wherethe appraisersmade valuations of land and water rights asshown by this tabulation exceeding$ 35, an we reducedacrethe loss to the Indiansto$ 35, an acre, and have reported theloss to the Indians asthe amount of the value of the landless improvements made thereonand therein. The reason forthis reductionfo$ 35. anacre was because the appraisers'report of the value less the improvements did not include thededuction for improvementsin the land suchas cultivation,irrigation, plowing, disking and leveling.Q. It appears,however, that the appraisers appraised24 136 acres ofuncultivated, or meadow land, at$ 40 anacre. Why was the uncultivated or meadowland at$ 40 an acre reduced to$ 35 an aere?A. I don' t know.Q. It also appears that the report of the appraisersgives41 acres of buildinglots at a total valuationof$ 19, ut 1. 00, exclusive of improvementsthereon. These building lots rerenot enltivated land, werethey?A. I think so, yes.