486# 2.The greatest things accomplishedin Jite are usually those attained by simple means, and the common life of every day, with its tarenecessitiesand duties affords abundantopportunityfor the true workerfor self- improvement. And those who work willinglyand most persistcently, with a determinationto acquiremore knowleigein whatevera vocation they pursue, are the ones usually most successfui. Wewton'swas undoubtedlya mins of the very highestle tree, and yut, when askedny what method he accomplishedsuch extraordinarydiscoveries, he replà** y alwaysthinkingunto them. We find that Newton's saying holdstruein all otherepochs that only by appiicationand perserverancereputationcan be achievoAnd it is indeed marvelous What continuousapplicationwill effectan ine untothings. It may seum a simpleaffair to play upon a violin; yet what a long mo laboriouspractice1.1 requires. One of the greatestviolistthe world over produced,waen asked by a youth how long it would requireto learn it," Twelvehours a day and twenty years together" was his roly. We have but toslaaceat the biographiesof great men To find that the most distinsu..shedinventors, artist, thinkersen WORK ers of all hunts we theirsuccessto nothingmore than industryin application. Men Wo have2009 noved the worla, have not been so much men tendus. as men al18. Koilityand uni.lrogpersereranno, Real progress of any kin15 Comparativelyslow. Great resicannotbe accorplishedat onde,end és We advancein life, we must advance Accordingto our 28t-- stepOne of the greatest blessingto possess is to know how 10at and as some great writer has put itis the great serréit ofin order that we might reap, we must sow, and how oftenare compelled to wait long and patiently, for the ripening of theTo at patiently, men must work! heerfullyone of the best working qualities that man can possesso her# 189560) o01100 Sa,*" Lemper is nine- tenths of Christianity!So We might wellSay that cheer' ulness and delicence is nine- tenths af prectit al wisdom..One of the des OttOS ever written for its energetic and1 10661 Oualities is given US Oy bencioni Northmen- 147Wa WAV or make one.". 0 charac ceruzes every man of themoch greatest links in the chain of success is energy for courage,these man's life is lliüle bouter 17 nothing. The Cult vamis quality 2.5 of the readest importance, A resolute totumainatioir pursuit of worthy objects in the foundation of all true 1 reatness ofwnersy enables a man to force his way through tetails which8.1.28t impossible. and barries hin upwalra in every station of life* with not 19 accomplishes more than onlus" Seys an eminent writer,On she disapointment and perils." Nothing that is of Realcan be achieved witz.out courageo'us working.It is force ofpurpose that enables a met to accomplish whatever he sets his mind tovad of Napolcon favorite maxini wasThe imuest wisdom is a reflg.dete2721 nation." is late, which has no parallel in history,VIC shows that he possessed a powerful W121. When tola that the