EASTERN NAVAJO JURISDICTION
Annual Report, 1931.
NARRATIVE SECTION.
Section III
SCHOOLS.
Indian children within reach of public schools have been
encouraged to enroll therein, and at the present time there are
about fifty in various schools operated under the direction of
the county superintendent. Tuition is paid direct to the
county superintendent and we have found a change in the atti
tude of the white people who patronize the same schools and are
now encouraging the Indian children to attend. Attend ance has
been good in those schools and the Indian parents seem pleased
with this arrangement.
We urge very strongly the establishment of a day school
at Canoncito and at another point twelve miles northwest of the
agency where we have a large artesian well, and which, in my
opinion, is ideal and it would be possible to maintain an average
attend ance of at least twenty children. Ample water is already
there from the large artesian well which flows some thing 11ke
8,000 gallons per hour, and the possibilities for individual
gardens and extension work through the chapter organization at
that place opens up a field for real accomplishment. At San
Antone Stockman station in district No. 1 a day school could
easily be maintained, but those children are now hauled by
truck to the Thoreau school where thirty are in attendance, and
we much prefer of seeing the Indian children in the public schools
than segregated in the Indian schools as it is better that they
associate with children of other nationalities and they develop
a freedom and are less self- conscious than those in the segre
gated schools.
Their progress compares favorably with the white children,
especially in the higher grades. At first they are handicapped
in having but little knowledge of English but after they acquire
a working vocabulary, their progress is less retarded. The
Eastern Navajo Boarding School is far from being complete as to
buildings and equipment and at this time we are very much in
need of a girlsi industrial building where home training, econ
omics, weaving, sewing, mending can be properly conducted.
An
addition to the shop building for the boys is likewise very urgent
as we have one small room for the shop instructor and his indus
trial work with the boys. Industrial equipment is practically
nothing. An addition to the employees' club is urgent. A gym
nasium is needed in this high altitude, as physical trai ning is
one of the finest features of any school and is essential for
the development of boys and girls, as inclement weather will not
permit of outdoor exercise, basketball, or other games, and all
well regulated schools are provided with building and equipment
for this purpose.
-1
