15237
one stond.
Times a day, dexposing themselens to the possibility of casetning
Cold! The vormitonis on the third floor are about in the
same condition as the dressan' groom. one of turn as micas
and baie hore bealy femming windows, so start the now and
cold wind musí micessarily blow through almari constanetey
and the mation infons me, that last womter she was
compelled to hang blankets up to the windows to make
the rooms at all inhabitable. ttre veche also links may
hoorly. The plastering is falling from the walls, in varion
parts of the beneding. There is no fine escosers on any
che there buildings octer than the stars,
there is no closet of suitable size for storing small
bags Cloching, except on about 8 but long and two
wide, in which the clochus och 26 to 28 bags
I find also two school rooms in the boys brieding, in which
the Kindergarten and primary classes are
primary classes are tought. These rooms
an in seir Condition but the light in poor in bort but
Porticularly to in the Undergarten voom.
The highest class in Tought in the old commason, building
which is one storglige, long
and narrow. this room
is illeg adopted der school room. owing to its large size at
is impossible to kup it warm& comportante daning the
winter months& the light is poon
The building in which the laundrey work is done is too small,
for the reason that during the thing monens the sand
stonns prevail almost constanaty and clostres con not
be hang op to dry in the open air and only a few at a
tune con le kangrep in this building as a teine strus
gining much extra works to the Laundrens
To remedy these defects I would nespecifully and lamurity
recommend that a new brildrig he erected for
school presones alone. to contain& school rooms and
one assembly room. To be one and a half stories ligh, and
Constructed the mortel
or
plan of School building
gewann Springs Agency in Eastern Oregon
That the boys boch room, which is merely
story
addition to the boys building, be tom down and that
the boch room he established in the present laundry
beilding- and the old commissory brilding
a one
